TranslationsNicki Minaj - Itty Bitty Piggy (Traduzione Italiana)Itty Bitty Piggy Lyrics
(The Aphilliates, nigga, pay attention)
Yo, yo, yo
What's up, what's the deal?
(Trap-A-Holics)
It's your boy, Seven Up, man
You already know if it's up, then it's stuck, and all that
But you already know how it is, man
Shout out to Nicki Minaj, man
I just wanted to share, man, you already know
Free makeup, mixtapes, and all that, you know how we give it up
Got me yellin' on a plane, man, listen up, man
(Holiday Season)
Uh-huh, uh-huh, yo, ayo
I was on the plane with Dwayne
You can call me Whitley, I go to Hillman
Listen, I'm the baddest in the school, the baddest in the game
Excuse me, honey, but nobody's in my lane
When you was in New York, you was fuckin' a Yankee
I was fuckin' with base, I was pitchin' to Franky
These bitches so cranky, get 'em a hanky
M-mommy, I'm cold, gimme my bla-

Woah, woah, woah, woah, woah, woah, woah!
Okay, okay, woah, woah, Holiday
Wait, hold on, hold on, Holiday!
You can't give it to 'em dry like that
You gotta get that shit wet first, nigga
Like, come on now!
You gotta prep them for shit like that (I got you!)
They can't just get that shit right off the top
Like, you gotta bring that shit back
Bring that shit the fuck back! (Let's go! Holiday Season, ayy!)
I think we got y'all's attention now, right?
(Holiday Season)
Nicki Minaj, DJ Holiday, (Holiday Season, nigga) Mizay Entertainment
Shouts out Trap-A-Holics (Trap-A-holics, biatch), we run this!
Let's go, Nicki!
You might also like
Uh-huh, uh-huh, yo, ayo
I was on the plane with Dwayne
You can call me Whitley, I go to Hillman
Listen, I'm the baddest in the school, the baddest in the game
Excuse me, honey, but nobody's in my lane
When you was in New York, you was fuckin' a Yankee
I was fuckin' with base, I was pitchin' to Franky
These bitches so cranky, get 'em a hanky
M-mommy, I'm cold, gimme my blankie
Flyer than a kite, I get higher than Rapunzel
Keep the Snow White, I could buy it by the bundle
Step your cookies up 'fore they crumble
Don't be actin' like the Cardinals and gon' fumble (Fumble)
'Cause I'm a Steeler, fresh up out the dealer
All the dope boys gon' feel her
Flow so sick I need a healer
Fuck is my MAC concealer?
I be out in Queens on the back of four-
Whee-whee-whee-whee-whee-whee-wheelers, I'm a big deal
That's why I get more head than a pigtail
Put some ranch out, I’m gettin' the munchies
I think I'll have a rap bitch for my entrée
'Cause they be thinking they can spit, spit-shine my shoes
You know I keep a bad bitch, let me sign your boobs
I'm the only thing hoppin', like a kangaroo
I mean the only thing poppin', like a can of brew
Listen, you should buy a sixteen, 'cause I write it good
That 808 woof-woof, 'cause I ride it good
And bitches can't find they man, 'cause I ride it good
I'm the wolf, where is Little Red-a Riding Hood?
Now, if you see a itty bitty piggy in the market
Give that bitch a quarter and a car, tell her, "Park it"
I'on't fuck with pigs, like "as-salamu alaykum"
I put 'em in a field, I let Oscar Mayer bake 'em
And if you see a itty bitty piggy in the market
Give that bitch a quarter and a car, tell her, "Park it"
I'on't fuck with pigs, like "as-salamu alaykum"
I put 'em in a field and I let Oscar Mayer bake 'em, bitches, kyuh
(Holiday Season!)

Wow
It's like I just single-handedly annihilated, you know, every rap bitch in the building
It's like, it's like, I'm Nicki Minaj, Nicki Lewinsky, Nicki the Ninja, Nicki the Boss, Nicki the Harajuku Barbie
Like, I mean, I don't even know why you girls bother at this point
Like, give it up! It's me!
I win! You lose! Hahahahahahaha
Oh, shit! Hahaha, yo

I'm a bad bitch, I'm a, I'm a bad bitch
I'm a bad bitch, I'm a, I'm a bad bitch
Now, I'm a bad bitch, I'm a, I'm a bad bitch
Hehe, I'm a bad bitch, I'm a, I'm a bad bitch

Hahahahahaha
I told you, I told you before
I told you y'all was gonna have to pick my fruit out
Now listen, in addition to pickin' my fruit out
I want y'all to start going to the boutiques
Y'knahmsayin, get some, get some, get some crazy shit for me
I want, I want, you know, leopard-skin, and, you know?
I want, I want all that crazy lizard-skin shit, like, you know?
Make sure you...
You can be my personal shopper!
Hahahahahahahahahahahaha
Ayo!
Woo
Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh79Embed