In the Mood Lyrics
You left me
Yes! Welcome to the wonderful sounds of Talib Kweli
Left me in a low
Ladies...

I got you in the mood (Yeah), for a interlude
Raw like in the nude, I hope this ain't considered rude
But let's stop talking, 'cause it's feelin like an interview
I know you're into me, so, let me get into you
I'm always in the mood for laughing and loving
And rapping and fucking
And passing the dutch and relaxing and puffing
And hitting and ducking the ripping production
These kittens ain't muffins just because we stuff 'em in the oven
My words is dripping off the tongue like the wax from a candle wick
Ill the way I lay down the rap, they can't handle it
Cats all sappy like romantic flicks
Dude, get a clue, like Colonel Mustard in the study with a candlestick
They holding hands with these dudes like they going steady, but
One glimpse, and I know they ready—you already know
Slipped her a note like, "You ready to go?"
We make a getaway plan, and we head for the door, let's go
I wear the night like a cloak cause I move with the stars (C'mon)
Navigate through the truly bizarre
Who we are, who we is, it's the kids that stay true to this life
And if the mood is right, we gon' do it tonight
I wear the night like a cloak 'cause I move with the stars (Y-Y-Yeah, yeah)
Navigate through the truly bizarre (Yeezy, uh-uh)
Who we are, who we is, it's the kids that stay true to this life (Uh-uh)
And if the mood is right, we gon' do it tonight (Woo!)

You messin up my mo— my whole mood, told you, oh
Lose, eat crews like soul food
The only producer that feel like, "Fuck rappers!"
Only backpacker with a chip like hackers
Only Michael Richardson, only much Blacker
So if he say nigga, then I'ma say...
Is this a Ritz? Carlton? Dress like, fresh, like
Just like, I'm the shit (In the mood)
Ugh! You ain't figured out what I'm about yet
Always rockin that "This-ain't-out-yet"
But this ain't 'bout that
From a city where niggas plug like outlets
Far as music go, yo, it ain't no outlets
So, when I go out, niggas always out to get me in the studio
And I ain't in the mood to flow
I'm with my girl, and I'm tryin to hit the movies, yo
And they tryna act stupid—oh!
In the club with Silicon Suzie
What happened to real girls, like Rudy?
With real titties like Tootie
This girl got a silicon booty!
And got the nerve to act moody!
Now, I ain't tryna judge like Judy
But bitch, you a man, you can't fool me!
Act like 50—throw her in a pool, G!
You might also like
I wear the night like a cloak 'cause I move with the stars (Yeah)
Navigate through the truly bizarre (Uh-uh uh, uh)
Who we are, who we is, it's the kids that stay true to this life
And if the mood is right, we gon' do it tonight
I wear the night like a cloak cause I move with the stars
Navigate through the truly bizarre
Who we are, who we is, it's the kids that stay true to this life
And if the mood is right, we gon' do it tonight

Break it down, uh!
What?
Ah-ah, uh, uh-uh, ah
Ah-ah, uh, uh-uh, ah
Yeah!
D-D-D-D-D-D-nn-wha!
D-D-D-D-D-D-nn-wha!

Bringin the drum, keep it funky like a stink in a slum
'Cause see, they wanna breed cursing for the things that don't come
The speakers wrong that we rap dudes speakin in tongues
Christmastime choice for what? No, we keepin our guns
Smokin a piff to cause a leak in your lungs
You ain't got shit to do like Friday when the weekend begun
Completely done with rap dudes, don't compete with the dumb
I spill my blood for my people, see how deep it can run?
I'm in the mood like Donte and Main Flow
Never comin with the same flow, got it's change, yo
It's strange yo, to make yo chain glow, that's yo main goal
That's a facade like I'm somewhere over the rainbow
Really these cats sweeter than mangoes, Mr Bojangles-ass dudes
Dancin around the club, doin the tango
Go hard like Iverson playin with hurt ankles
Plus, wrestle the topic from a different Kurt Angle!
I wear the night like a cloak cause I move with the stars
Navigate through the truly bizarre
Who we are, who we is, it's the kids that stay true to this life
And if the mood is right, we gon' do it tonight
I wear the night like a cloak cause I move with the stars
Navigate through the truly bizarre
Who we are, who we is, it's the kids that stay true to this life
And if the mood is right, we gon' do it tonight

Wow, that's a nice track!4Embed