Summer on Lock Lyrics
It's a code red, lockdown

I got the summer on lock, and the winter too (winter too)
Let me show you what a winner do (winner do)
Stay stuntin' but you broke, why you frontin'? (why you frontin'?)
We the topic of discussion
Got the summer on lock (on lock), and the winter too (winter too)
Let me show you what a winner do (winner do)
Stay stuntin' but you broke, why you frontin'? (why you frontin'?)
We the topic of discussion, got the summer on lock
Nigga, I'm so far ahead of my time, I'm 'bout to start another life
You a target, I'll probably blast you twice
Alky rappin' with the passion of Christ
Curveball through the eye of the storm, I am the calm 'fore disaster could strike
The rocks on that watch on that dial gon' shine loud
On you hustlers who out there in brownstones like the Huxtables
Y'all came to be euthanized, I can't be de-humanized
I ain't even human, I'm pane and communion wine
Cruisin' in that Wraith, dawg, like we came to offend haters
Shoot a nigga face off like his neighbor is Tim Taylor
Racketeerin' charge, tennis match in the yard
Y'all can finish that whack shit, then it's back to the gods
I'm in the Maybach right now tryna innovate
I'm too fly, don't try to give me my props, just give me space
Your favorite artist tryna party with Puff
I'm tryna fuck Cardi in a pair of Cartier buffs, what?

I got the summer on lock, and the winter too (winter too)
Let me show you you what a winner do (winner do)
Stay stuntin' but you broke, why you frontin'? (why you frontin'?)
We the topic of discussion
Got the summer on lock (on lock), and the winter too (winter too)
Let me show you what a winner do (winner do)
Stay stuntin' but you broke, why you frontin'? (why you frontin'?)
We the topic of discussion, got the summer on lock
You might also like
Ha-heh!
Uh, it's fly season, my season
As long as I don't lose, it's all cool if I die even (cool)
Yeah, we the niggas that they talking 'bout (us)
Yeah, y'all the niggas that they chalkin' out
Yeah, I just let 'em go, I don't force 'em out
Supreme Court starin' at my man as they walk him out
The time that he lookin' at is crucial
I can see the pain translated through his pupils
Turn yourself in, it's even worse when they scoop you
See the Jake, don't hit the brake, just go to neutral
Barbeques, white yacht parties, that's what he used to
Pool halls, clubs and cribs, that's what he shoot through
Work out, get your number on, Akh (work out)
Say your prayers, get your slumber on, Akh (aha)
They ain't give you life so your number gon' pop
You best believe 'til the day you come home

I got the summer on lock (our sun shine all day long)
Tell 'em soul hustle all day long
Our sun shine all day long
All-all-all day long (ah, stop frontin', nigga, hah)
I got the summer on lock
Grind all winter, shine all summer
Life's a bitch and I'm tryna keep you slime balls from her
Any leaks, we gon' fix it, none of mine call plumbers
Nina to your chest player like nine y'all number
We Rondo niggas, real recognize real, you John Doe nigga
I made a closet out of a condo, nigga
See that's flyest nigga living shit, look over the river shit
She say I'm a asshole, how, when I don't give a shit?
It's play money, my son think the foreign a toy
That's why the family gon' ball like Lavar and his boys
I realize they wanna backstab me, then turn knife
You ain't got a hunnid 'till you got two hunnid, learn life
Respect ain't earned twice, once you lose it, it's gone
And it's lame when your money right but you using it wrong
Shout to niggas coming home this summer, the juice back
Screaming OJ shootin' craps, brought the tre deuce back, yeah

I got the summer on lock, and the winter too (winter too)
Let me show you you what a winner do (winner do)
Stay stunting but you broke, why you fronting? (why you frontin'?)
We the topic of discussion
Got the summer on lock (our-a sun shine all day long)
Tell 'em soul hustle all day long
Our-a sun shine all day long
All-all-all day long
I got the summer on lock8Embed