Cowards in Compton Lyrics
Uh! Yo, fuck ass niggas
Let me tell y'all one thing, right now I just don't give a fuck!
I'ma let niggas just rip y'all motherfuckin' throat down
Yo, gay ass motherfuckers, Snoop ass, ho ass, dog ass nigga
Dre, you ain't nothin' but my bitch, I'ma make you my bitch
You look like you could suck a nigga's dick, ho ass motherfucker

I know niggas ain't tryin' to diss comin' with that wack shit
Keep tryin' to front, get your motherfuckin' back split
And yo' ass kicked, this shit is drastic!
Run up on my nigga, get your punk ass blasted
Real niggas don't talk that gay shit
Talk about, let another nigga suck your dick
Only punks talk like that
I won't even bust ya, I'll slap you with my gat!
Frontin' like a gangsta, but you's a faggot
See if you can act it, but you can't back it
Nigga like me won't play wit' ya
I'ma buck-buck-buck when I get ya!
Fuck it, I'm goin' all out
Step on Death Row and spray up ya house, nigga!
Dumb motherfucker tryin' to talk back
Fuck around, get a missile launched in yo' ass
And for your homies talkin' fly shit
If we was locked up together I'd have made 'em my bitch
'Cause I know y'all pranksters
Y'all niggas still Fakin' Like Gangsters, fuck y'all!!
Back for the payback (Death Row)
Back for the payback (Death Row)
Back for the payback (Death Row)
With oil, lots of oil
Back for the payback (Death Row)
Back for the payback (Death Row)
Back for the payback (Death Row)
With oil, lots of oil

It's about time for me to tear the roof off the motherfucker
I grab the gat to make you fuck-niggas run for cover
You can fool a groupie, but you can't fool a gangsta
1985, you used to be a fuckin' prankster
Down with Lonzo and the World Wreckin' Cru
Turnin' off the lights and dressin' like bitches too
Every nigga on Death Row must be a joke
I pull a lever to the chair and watch you niggas smoke
Real niggas don't follow punks down here
I guess your nigga Snoopie Dogg must be a queer
So who the fuck you gonna blast here in Miami?
Fuck with me and I'll kill your whole family
And I do mean ho, you think I'm playin', son?
I got my Glock to your head, now where you gonna run?
Before you diss my nigga Luke, you better think twice
I'll pull the trigger, nigga, and turn off your lights!
You might also like
Yeah, fuck-ass nigga, you just don't know! A nigga know about yo'
Motherfuckin' ass with them "Turn Off the Lights" days!
Nigga
When you was sittin' on them album covers with the motherfuckin'
Lip gloss, and them sequins outfits on
Nigga, I know what a nigga want you to do right now!
Nigga, you know what I want you to do for me right now?
I want you to just take off that g-string, baby
'Cause you know you look real crazy
And you gon' be my ho, maybe
I just don't like this nigga, yo
Mike Fresh, let's just take these fuck-niggas' beat
Yeah, this is how we do, we take fuck-niggas' beat!
Yo, better yet, fuck that shit, my nigga, fuck that shit!
Yo, my nigga, bring the real shit in
Get that ol' coochie shit outta here

Verse two, motherfucker, I still hit you with the ill shit
Fuck with my nigga and yo' ass'll get killed quick
Pussy nigga, you ain't shit!!
Did a whole album of other niggas pullin' your dick
I'll wreck your whole staff
Bust shots at they ass, you niggas can't last!
So don't try to flip the script, money grip
Got a TEC on my hip, plus I'm in the mood to trip
And I'll take your four-four
Take a walk down Death Row, them niggas get petro'
'Cause that shit ain't nothin' but soft-town
Play bad, get knocked the fuck off, clown
I'll be on the D.L. scopin'
Catch you slippin', leave your motherfuckin' chest open
That nigga changed gears like a 10-speed
Last album, that nigga was against weed
Now he's mister Chronic-man
Get high, nigga, try to play bionic man
Act like you wanna be tough
And we gon' see who'll really get fucked, you fuck
Yeah, fuck-ass nigga, lemme tell you somethin'! What you gon'
Be? You gon' be a real nigga or you gon' be a flaunt, nigga? You gon' be on weed, or you ain't gon' be on weed? You gon' be a bruise next year! Aight, what you gon' be on this motherfuckin' year? Let me tell you somethin' 'bout a nigga, right? All real niggas - I mean, you lookin' at a real nigga, nigga. Now lemme tell you somethin'. Have you ever got head on stage, then? I'll get head from yo' motherfuckin' ho on stage! You let the bitch be in the audience, 'cause I'ma take that pussy! You a pussy-ass, cock-ass nigga! Lemme tell you somethin'
Cowards in Compton get sprayed in Dade! Cowards in Compton get sprayed in Dade, pussy! Cowards in Compton get sprayed in motherfuckin' Dade!
You ho-ass nigga, you my bitch, bitch! (Hell yeah)

Luke Records would like to acknowledge that all references made in the previous work towards homosexuals is not reflecting anti-homosexual position on our part. Our problem was just homosexuals by the name of Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg1Embed