The Pinkprint Freestyle Lyrics

I'm talkin' 'bout my brand and you talkin' 'bout your brands
The difference is a lot of MMMMMMMMMMs to your couple hundred grand
Young Money!
Shout out to Lil Wayne for signing a lil chick from Queens
New York City

Young ma, it's the female Jay
I'm a brand accordin' to what retail say
Yeah my tours be sellin' out on presale day
Plus I got the title queen stream, press replay
Testified for my nigga to the DA's face
One time for this super old PA case
I'm still schoolin' bitches like GA State
And I'ma still ball, call me T.D. Jakes
Bars for years, niggas thought I did a bid
I'm draggin' these hoes like Harambe did the kid
Shut the club down, it was poppin' then we slid
I call my pussy liquor, I ain't talkin' 'bout a swig
But if you thirsty, I own a sangria
Shout out to Fox Brown, I don't mean Pam Grier
I got a sign that say "Lames can't hang here"
Bats eyelashes, blank stare
He be like, "You came?," I be like, "You came?"
He say my ride game smoother than a Muslanne
Every time they count me out I be like, "You sane?"
Bitch I come back like Jordan in his flu game
Every time I shoot it, it be all net
I give him ostrich, that mean all neck
Anything he need, I got on deck
And go to sleep playin' with his ballsack
Hahahah... Aaaaah! Rrrrrr...
They wanna know my recipe
They know I ball like the niggas at the ES-PYs
Strung out on the pussy so I call her Crystal Methanine
Shorty tryna give me brain like telepathy
Ayo Sinceré, get Chanel bags
Got a bitch lookin' like Chanel ads
Chillin' out in dem Beverly Hill pads
I gave bitches time but they still mad
Si, está loco
If my bitch don't like you, yo tampoco
Me Dorothy and you Toto
Now put some marshmallows in my cocoa
 Mmm.. Tastes good... Hahah...
Yo, don't ever talk about Nicki in the past-tense
Unless I fly pass that ass in a fast Bent'
Fuck outta here you dumb bitch
You know I'm pretty, and I'm witty, and I'm dumb rich
You throw shade, but I sun bitch
And now you know what I'ma say, you my son, bitch

Yikes, yikes, yikes, yikes...
Keep me rollin', Juice..
Hold on, hold on, keep me rollin' Juiiiiice..
Like I ain't make all these bitches want a fat ass at some point
Hahahahahaaaaa
Like I ain't make these bitches rock pink hair at some point!
Hahahahah! Rrrrr! Oh my God!
Wait, God is good
Lemme, lemme testify, God is good
Shoutout to my fans, I love y'all so much too
I miss y'all so much too
Ooouuu! Hahaha
Ooouuu! Uh!
Like I ain't make a lot of bitches start spitting metaphors and all of that
Mm, queen back...
You might also like

Uh, uh, uh, uh ,uh
Turn it up, turn it up in my ear, Juice
Mm, okay, uh, hahahaha, uh
This is only for my bad bitches, okay

Ting-a-ling a ling, dancehall it swing
DJ head stuck up when dem hear boom riddim
Ting-a-ling a ling, schoolbell it ring
Knife and fork ah fight fi dumplin
Ting-a-ling a ling, dancehall it swing
DJ head stuck up when dem hear boom riddim
Ting-a-ling a ling, schoolbell it ring
Knife and fork ah fight fi dumplin

Uh, uh, uh
I fly like paper, I get high like planes
If you catch me at the border I got visas in my name
I got visas in my name, I got visas in my name
If you catch me at the border I got visas in my name
Th-this is my reign, que-queen is my name
You, dutty gyal, nuh dare in my lane
Watch unu mouth, wa-watch what unu say
This is my game, so watch how unu play
M.I.A., M.I.A., I make bitches go M.I.A
M.I.A., M.I.A., I make bitches go M.I.A
M.I.A., M-M-M-M.I.A., I-I-I make bitches go M.I.A
M.I.A., M.I.A., I make bitches go M.I.A
Rrrr
Ting-a-ling a ling, dancehall it swing
DJ head stuck up when dem hear boom riddim
Ting-a-ling a ling, schoolbell it ring
Knife and fork ah fight fi dumplin
Ting-a-ling a ling, dancehall it swing
DJ head stuck up when dem hear boom riddim
Ting-a-ling a ling, schoolbell it ring
Knife and fork ah fight fi dumplin

I'm talkin' 'bout my brand and you talkin' 'bout your brands
The difference is a lot of MMMMMMMMMMs to your couple hundred grand
Mm, c'mon! Kyuh43Embed