Little Death Lyrics
Now bring it out like a finger in the back of your mouth
Cherubs and cerebellum
Terror at Sarah's wedding, Sam marrying Sam
Band pushed upon the finger of Sam's hairiest hand (OOOH!)
If that sickens you, you a bigot
If it doesn't, well then you're wicked
Such is life, odd as Egg McMuffins at night
No answers, so let us watch these dancers
Structure reformed gracefully being born
On the pallet of dark grays, concaves and spirals
Kaleidoscope into a Eiffel
It ripples then it tidals, vacillates then it virals
Babylons then it Bibles and others
And tell me of the spinning mothers
And today's mathematics for beloved
And beasts' bellies covered like the cummerbunds of butlers
How was your day?
Can I make what you say what I wanna hear?
Cause I want you here
The hell that we raised
To the heavens do anything for
La petite mort, la petite mort

They keep the bottles just to make glass houses
Then climb up to the second floors and throw rocks out it
Then expect not a volley in reply
Some place vulnerable like probably in the eye
What of the chicken? What is it missin'? Is it dry?
Did it die in some inhumane conditions so it didn't go relaxed
And the tension from its demise
Pulled all of the flavor from the fat and made it flat
And rather lifeless, well there's a place
That has a stunning turbot and more mercifully murdered Pisces
But barbaric are still the prices
It's rather niceless, apricot in dices and fromage slices
My son will call risotto rices
If and when he's left to his own devices, well
How is your memory? Is it returning like a lemon tree
To bear bitter fruit of what you meant to me?
Or was it slippin' like permission? Am I trippin' like field
I feel I'm grippin' but maybe the transmission
Still left out the life, also left out the will, grief
Will cheese never touch your teeth
Maybe like kosher beef
Is it real? Is it real? Is it real? Ha, hah!
You might also like
Howl at the day
Can I make you my prey?
Cause I want you dear, ooh, I want you dear
The hell that we raised
To the heavens make symmetries for
Our petite mort, our petite mort

So glad you're back
But not glad at that you're glatt
Where is the glamour in collapse?
Where in the shatter of the facts shoves one back to a pattern of stab wounds?
Swoon ridden goons consumed and driven mad soon
The atelier slowly fills with baboons
And other monkey business
Where killers go free cause the junkie's a funky witness
Runny mascaras from the cunning mask wearers of death
Bygone errors, sittin' like two oil derricks
Separated by a sea of cooling num nums
Reminiscing of an every day playing hum drum
Where recognition went unnoticed
And then solidified till it was stoic
We should've been poets
Somewhere between amateurs and grandmasters of iambic pentameter
How are your chains?
Do they make you behave?
Keep you over here, by your overseer
Fallen from grace
Down from Heaven to memories' floor
La petite mort, la petite mort16Embed