I Don’t Like Lyrics
Bismallah/Basmalah
First of all shout and respect to ?
Shout and respect to Lupe Fiasco
Shout out to Mr. West
Shout out to Rashid Lonnie Lynn
King Louie, L.E.P Bogus
Whole Chicago movement
Real Recognize Real, check it!

White supremacy is what I don't like!
Sugar-ass crackers, what I don't like!
The Bank of America, I don't like!
When they lynch and cynicism, yeah I don't like!
I don't like, I don't like
The way the ghetto living, man I don't like!
Got us strapped up in the system, man I don't like
Ain't too different from a prison jacket, ain't right
Ain't no freedom at the trap, hustlers everywhere
You could feel it in the air, pure despair
Hungry hands only take when they reaching out
Campaign, smoking, geek up, gun pow
Ugly politicians, new election year
Crying bout their care, they are not sincere
It's the greedy and the rich ones that make war
That the hungry, young, and poor ones paid for
The little homie stretched out in a coffin
They dying younger, and they dying more often
The rent too high, the wage too low
The top five stupid songs up on your radio, nah!
I don't like (I don't like)
All this cackling and caring on, I don't like
All this sucka-ness and scary shit I don't like
All these Afri-coon Americans, it ain't right
And that goes to crazy-ass crackers
Small claim corp. clowns, and strip club rappers
Out in broad day with they nipples out
With they stretch marks, blackheads and pimples out
Yuck, you suck, go away
You're always talking, and you never got much to say
Yuck, you suck, go away
You're always crowding space, fix your thirsty face, nah!
I don't like, I don't like
The way your shoulders looking sound, I don't like
The way I see 'em getting down, I don't like
Make you wonder how they get around, it ain't right
In the land where crooks get to write the laws
But people hide their eyes, and shut their jaws
Who the realest? Never mind
Who doing it for the best, there ain't lies
What they wearing, who is there?
Ask yourself, why you care?
Somebody going ham on a gossip site
Catching feelings over rumors that are not your life
I don't like, sometimes I even hate
But not the people, they acts and ways
I don't like, sometimes I even hate
Lord forgive, let us pray
For pussy posers, dummy greed
Polluted seas, them wacky weeds
Nazi po-lice, wasted time
Zombie recruitment, legal crime
I don't like
You don't like it neither
You said...
Rebuke, forgive, and pray for these fake niggasYou might also like1Embed