TranslationsA$AP Rocky - Gunz n Butter ft. Juicy J (Tradução em Português)РусскийGunz N Butter Lyrics
Swingin' burning tires leave a third degree
And I heard there's bouncin' niggas hatin' wanna murder me
They gon' have to take me straight to Satan 'cause I'm blessin' this
I feel distressed, then feel no stress, I built this trust
They won't come murder me, Hercules

Mama warned me pop was on me as a shorty
(Shut the fuck up!)
Get-gettin' guap before when I was fourteen
Glock was forty kick-kick
Box ya jaw for plottin' on me hot bologna grits with
Problems copper hoppin' on me cheese from government-ment (What that mean?)
Prada on me, choppers on me, croc' on Mauri kicks-kicks (Word)
God was for me, locks was on me
Blew up ever since then (Okay, okay)
Grew up ever since then, screwed up ever since then
Two cups ever since then (Kill 'em Flacko)
Nah, big homie, took my time but now, big homie
Homies outta line, big homie
Money outta pocket, homie, all these niggas pockets, homie
Chopper let 'em live, I was only six, when I crept up in the crib
Found a Sig, what I did, what I did
Cock it homie, now it's in my p-pocket homie
I-I got r-rocket on me, dare you nigga, tr-try me, homie
For the love of spread, Mommas butter bread
Man, I prolly should be dead, was it 'cause of what I said?
What I-
Desi, FN, Ruger, Draco
Euros, pounds and dollars, pesos
Money, hoes and power, Draco
Violence, rifle, shotguns, Draco
"Now can't a nigga see I ain't got no time for games
I'm on this Hennessey and I'm quick to shoot dat thang
But fuck dat, one of my young niggas'll take the charge
I'm stackin' loot, muthafuck lookin' behind some bars"

Rocky, Rocky
Hold on, one second, bro
Ha, Rocky, it's Hector, bro
Rocky this is Hector, bro
We gotta hold on, one second, bro
There's an issue goin' on back here

Grandma was a Catholic, and mama was a Christian (Woo)
My papa turned to Muslim when he spent some time in prison 
(No cappin')
No Jehovah Witnesses where I'm from, kinda different (Woo)
They don't leave no witnesses so folks just mind they business
These days I just practice all the good from all religion
So plead the fifth amendment or you're gonna be the victim
So get up off my YKK, the President a a-hole (Fuck off)
Prayin' for a JFK, all we got was KKK
AKA AK that you target
Not from Target but from Walmart, then it's a-ok
Fuck them boys no KY with this SK leave them DOA
AR in the ER it's the state of mind of every state
Say your grace you better pray
Guns with the butter, guns for my brother
Came from the gutter, cocaine in the buttocks
Razor box cutter, blade under gumma
Gang in the Hummer, skate wit' your mother
You might also like
The fact of the matter she blow out the frizzame
I keep me some powder so I'm gettin' brizzain
The fact of the matter she blow out the frizzame
I keep me some powder so I'm gettin' brizzain
The fact of the matter she blow out the frizzame
I keep me some powder so I'm gettin' brizzain
The fact of the matter she blow out the frizzame
I keep me some powder so I'm gettin' brizzain
What's really butter?
The gun or the butter?
You hear me?
You understand what I'm sayin'?
What's really butter?
What's really butter?
What's really butter?
Guns, you can get that butter all day79Embed