Stepped On My J’z Lyrics
Uhh... (Ooooooh)
Uhh, ha ha (Uh, uh, listen)
Y'all know what this is! (Let's go)

We used to ditch school and head straight up to the mall (Mall)
Just so we could be the first ones with 'em on (C'mon)
Returned to school by lunchtime like, "Nigga, what now?"
And today we in the club like, "Nigga, what now?"
You better look down 'cause uhh, I know you see 'em (Say what?)
I know you see 'em (say what?) I know you see 'em
I paid a thousand for the jeans, I paid 200 for the shoes
And uhh, fuck a shirt, I'mma rock these tattoos (And uh)
You see my fitted man, I represent the crib
'Cause even at the crib, I represent the crib
I, might pop my grill in - and I, might let my chain hang
And I, might wrap my wrist dang
(Go on, derrty, do the damn thang)
I get 'em free (say what) but I pay
And if I want I rock a different year of J's every day (Uhh)
A different style, different color is a must
But uhh, it's all good until I get my first scuff and I'm like
Hell naw, ain't no way (What's wrong?)
Man, he done stepped on my J's (What?)
Stepped on my J's, he done stepped on my J's
These just came out! He done stepped on my J's (Uhh)
Hell naw, ain't no way (what's wrong?)
Man, he done stepped on my J's (what?)
Stepped on my J's, he done stepped on my J's
I can't believe this shit! He done stepped on my J's

Uhh, I-I-I got 'em all (got 'em all) but they don't get no run
Like them 13's, 7's, number fo' and the 1's
I like, how they look with Dickies, how do Levi lay on 'em?
If you ain't got 'em when you see me you definitely gon' want 'em
If they knew I gotta get 'em first, old as a copper box
Hook 'em with a shirt, and the matchin' color socks
I think the coldest was the black on black 11's with the red bottom
Or the number 9's, you shoulda seen me when I got 'em
I was in my house (in my house) dancin' in the mirror
Straight thinkin' 'bout gettin out and how I'm 'bout to kill 'em
When you know you got a pair that ain't nobody got (Body got)
You can't hold 'em back, homie, you gotta rock (You gotta rock)
I'm a addict, a Jordan fanatic, little Mars Blackmon
I know when they comin'; number, color, everything that's happenin'
You know, a different style, a different color is a must
But uhh, it's all good until I get my first scuff and I'm like
You might also like
Hell naw, ain't no way (What's wrong?)
Man, he done stepped on my J's (What?)
Stepped on my J's, he done stepped on my J's
These just came out! He done stepped on my J's (Uhh)
Hell naw, ain't no way (What's wrong?)
Man, he done stepped on my J's (What?)
Stepped on my J's, he done stepped on my J's
I can't believe this shit! He done stepped on my J's

I-I-I, I see you lil' daddy you look sexy with them J's on
I pull up in the drop, and step out, with them things on
I got me the black and pink - patent leather with the grey
Matchin' with the skinny jeans - off with the shades
I know you see me (I know you see me) my jeans be never slippin' (slippin')
The paparazzi, I might stop and take a picture in 'em
Yeahhhhh, we be fresh every day
And if you lookin' for me lil' daddy you can find me in the A! A! A! A!
I got the Retro 1's, uhh
(Then I bought the) 2's (and the) 3's (and the) 4's (uhh)
I had to order these, you can't find them in the store (nope)
Called up my stylist like, "Shorty, send more"
And if you would please send 'em to me out on tour
(Uh-uh, uh-uh) They be here in a minute, man
See, I got that connect where I can damn near get like anythang
Plus all my hoes on 'em, then I'mma stroll on 'em
I call my hook-up at the store like "Put a hold on 'em"
Them Carolina number 9's matchin' patent leather wristbands
Patent leather number 11's, we call 'em Space Jams
You in my space man, I'mma make you jump man
I'll make you jump, the jump, the jump, jump man
See on my weekends, my J's play a part
I'm rockin' these to the club and these to the park
I'm puttin' these on now and these here tomorrow
A spare off in my car, just in case I catch a scar
Hell naw, ain't no way (What's wrong?)
Man, he done stepped on my J's (What?)
Stepped on my J's, he done stepped on my J's
These just came out! He done stepped on my J's (uhh)
Hell naw, ain't no way (what's wrong?)
Man, he done stepped on my J's (what?)
Stepped on my J's, he done stepped on my J's
I can't believe this shit! He done stepped on my J's1Embed