Winki’s Theme Lyrics
This jam is dedicated to my brother Winki (Search and find, search and find, search and find, search and find)
Who's lookin' down on me from Heaven (What’s on your mind? Search and find)
Watchin' my every move as usual (What’s goin' down? Search and find)

There but for the grace of God, do I go? Do I go?
There but for the grace of God, do I go? Do I go, go?

I'm tryin' to take my time on this rhyme
But it's bustin' from the seams
Like a fantasy and eagerness of dreams
Movin' all around, oh, yes, I'm makin' leaps and bounds
There's so much you can say, no time to write it down
I'm skippin' to this and skippin' to that
I've overflowed my cup
I'm flowin' kinda quick, I hope you can keep up
Everything ain't cool just 'cause you slap me on my hand
There's things about me all of y'all just got to understand
Latifah never was a teacher, never was a preacher
Never was a saint, never was conceited, never was defeated
Sometimes I get tired, sometimes I wanna faint
But I never shut up when things piss me off
And if I got to curse at you to get my point across
That's what I gotta do
That's how it gotta be
I got an angel watchin' over me
There but for the grace of God, do I go? Do I go?
There but for the grace of God, do I go? Do I go, go?

There but for the grace of God (If you lose your way)
Search and find, search and find
(There but for the, there but for the grace of God)
Search and find, search and find
(There but for the, there but for the grace of God)
Search and find, search and find
What's on your mind? What's goin' down?
What's goin' down, runnin' room

It's time you find
What's goin' on in your mind
Try to find peace of mind
When your blind, world's unkind
Got to fight, keep the right
At the time, never gone
Keep on, keep on, keep on, keep on
Keep on, keep on, keep on, keep on
Keep on, keep on, keep on, keep on
Strive on, strive on, strive on
You might also like
Yeah-yeah, yeah-yeah, yeah-yeah, yeah-yeah
Yeah-yeah, yeah-yeah, break it down
The Lord is the light, is the light, is the light
The Lord is the light of my life, and he brightens up my world
Yes, he did, yes, he did
Lord is the light of my life, and he brightens up my world
You don't hear me

There but for the grace of God, do I go? Do I go? (The Lord is the light of my life, and he brightens up my world, yes, he did, yes, he did)
There but for the grace of God, do I go? (The Lord is the light of my life, and he brightens up my world, world, world, world, world)Embed