Bitch Please Lyrics
Yeah, time to bring your ass to the table, y’all
It’s X to the Z, Xzibit, yeah
Snoop double D, uh, OG
(Where you at? West Coast, Los Angeles)
What
Bringin' it live, Dr. Dre, what
Throwin' up a big ass W
Coverin' up the world, right
Yeah, ha
Listen, look
You ain't tryna hot box with me, I swig hard liquor
Goin' down by the second round, all hail the underground
How that sound? Xzibit backin' down from a conflict
Fuck the nonsense! Terrorist, here to bomb shit
Glass and metal in every direction
Innocent bystanders taught a very hard lesson
I'm the reason there's no time to reach for that weapon
And reason why niggas with problems keep on steppin'
Xzibit ready to scrap like Mike Tyson with his license back
9 to 5 minimum wage? What type of life is that?
For me? It's blasphemy, you fuckin' around
With the Sundance Kid and Butch Cassidy
You had the audacity to wanna tangle with the X
Strangle your neck, slap you like the opposite sex
Drunk drivin', tryna stack my loot
While other rappers gettin' Treated Like a Prostitute
So check the SoundScan

All I wanna be was a G, ha!
My whole life, nigga please, ha!
Breakin' off these motherfuckin' keys, ha!
Let's get these motherfuckin' G's, ha!
Nigga, you don't wanna fuck with this
You might also like
Hmm, oh no, big Snoop Dogg
Back up in the heezy, baby
You jockin' my style? You so crazy
Dre say, ain't "No Limit" to this
As long as we drop gangsta shit
Look here bitch, you fine and I dig your style
Come fuck with a nigga and do it doggy style
I'll be gentle, sentimental
Shit, we fucked in the rental
Lincoln Continental
Coast-to-coast, L.A. to Chicago

(Yeah, nigga, you know what's happenin', man) I get this pussy everywhere that I go
(These bitches know what time it is) Ask the bitches in your hood 'cause they know (Hell yeah)
(Hoes know about a nigga like me, man) I get this pussy everywhere that I go
(I pimp these hoes, nigga, ha-ha) Ask the bitches in your hood 'cause they know

Bitch please! Get down on your god damn knees
For this money, chronic, clothes and weed (Look)
Look, you fuckin' with some real O.G's, bitch please
Bitch please, get down on your motherfuckin' knees
We came to get the motherfuckin' cheese
Yeah, you fuckin' wit' some real OG's, you dick tease
Bitch, please! Now what you need to do is
Hem my coat, and roll me some dope (Fo' real)
Different strokes (Huh-uh) for different folks
Oh, you like settin' niggas up and gettin' them locs?
A cute lil' bitch with a whole lotta heart
Shit gets thick when the light gets dark
She say she got a lick for me (Well, hook it up)
Worth about 200 G's and 30 ki's!
Now check this out, Dre: now, if I don't move
Then a nigga like me, shit, I don't lose
But you know me, Dogg, I'm movin'!
Ain't nothing to it but to get to groovin'
You've been waitin' on a nigga like me (What's that?)
To take that chance and rob your man and beat up the pussy
A victim of the circumstance
That's the devil, they always wanna dance
See we go out with a bang (Bang, bang)
I'm tryin' to work this cold thang
And take this whole thang

I get the money everywhere that I go (I go)
I bust a bitch and take her money fo' sho (Fo' sho)
I get the money everywhere that I go (I go)
I bust a bitch and take her money fo' sho (Fo' sho)

Ayo, ayo, ayo
You don't wanna step to me
Still claiming D.P.G. 'til the day I D-I-E
Ayo, ayo, ayo
You don't wanna step to me
Still claiming D.P.G. 'til the day I D-I-E
Ayo, ayo, ayo
You don't wanna step to me
Still claiming D.P.G. 'til the day I D-I-E
Ayo, ayo, ayo
You don't wanna step to me
Still claiming D.P.G. 'til the day I D-I-E25Embed