Serial Killa Lyrics
Six million ways to die, choose one

It's time to escape, but I don't know where the fuck I'm headed
Up or down, right or left, life or death
I see myself in a mist of smoke
Death becomes any nigga that takes me for a joke
We hit a five dollar stick, now we putting in work
Unaccountable amounts of dirt, death becomes all niggas
Anybody killer, you know what the deal is
Nigga, you know what the real is
I see some off brand niggas on the corner flaggin me down
Sayin, "Yo Daz, what's up with the Pound?
Is that nigga Snoop alright? Ayo what's up with the crew?
Is them niggas in jail, or are them niggas through?"
I said, "If you ain't up on thangs
Snoop Dogg is the name, Dogg Pound's the game"
It's like this, they don't understand
It's an everyday thang to gangbang
Make that twist, don't be a bitch, let these niggas know
What's up witchu? I represent the Pound and Death Row
And can't no other motherfucker in L.A. or Long Beach
And Compton and Watts see D-O-G's
Now, you can't come and you can't run, and you can't
See long to the G of the gang
One gun is all that we need, to put you to rest
(Pump pump!) Put two slugs dead in your chest
Now you dead then a motherfucker creeping and sleeping
6 feet deep in, fucking with the Pound is

Suicide, it's a suicide
Suicide, it's a suicide
Suicide, it's a suicide
Suicide, it's a suicide
You might also like
The cloud becomes black and the sky becomes blue
Now you in the midst of the Dogg Pound crew
Ain't no clue on why the fuck we do what we do
Leave you in a state of paranoia, oooh
Don't make a move for your gat so soon
'Cause I drops bombs like Platoon (ayy nigga)
Walk with me, hold my hand and let me lead you
I'll take you on a journey, and I promise I won't leave you (I won't leave you)
I won't leave you until you get the full comprehension
And when you do, that's when the mission
Or survival becomes your every thought
Keep your eyes open 'cause you don't wanna be caught
Half stepping with your weapon on safety
Now break yourself motherfucker 'fore you make me
Take this 211 to another level
I come up with your ends, you go down with the Devil
Now roam through the depths of Hell
Where the rest your busta-ass homeboys dwell, well

Suicide, it's a suicide
Suicide, it's a suicide
Suicide, it's a suicide
Now tell me, what's my motherfuckin name?
Serial killa! Serial killa! Serial killa!
(Wake up in the morning, eat your Lucky Charms cereal)
Deep, deep like the mind of Minolta
Now picture this
Let's picnic inside a morgue
Not pic-a-nic baskets, pic-a-nic caskets!
And I got the machine to crack your fuckin chest plates
Open and release them guts
Then I release def cuts
Brutal, jagged edged, totally rough-neck!
Now everybody scream, 'nough respect to the X
'Nough respect given
Disrespect and you will not be living
Word to momma, Emma, drama, dilemma

Suicide, it's a suicide
Suicide, it's a suicide
Suicide, it's a suicide
Now tell me, what's my motherfuckin name?
Serial killa! Serial killa! Serial killa!
(Wake up in the morning eat your Lucky Charms cereal)13Embed