Klusterfuk Lyrics
I was born in November, 8th day, 1971st y'all
9 o'clock in the morning a Christian girl
In Kansas City gave birth, yaah
She taught the kid how to love
And give all praises to our maker till the earth fall
Then mama married a Muslim when I was 12
And the transition was the worst y'all
I converted to Islam, but every once in awhile
I'd read a bible verse, yaah
How am I to refrain from eatin' pork
And havin' Christmas when I'm thirst ahh?
All of this it was blended, many religions
Plenty women down my shirt, yaah
At home no longer attended
When I was 17 I bounced like a nerf ball
Yeeeeah! (Spit a bit quick!)
By day I slay, Pai Mei, trick, (don't get a bitch hit!)
I'm Master Ip'in it, I'm flyin' around with equipment
Really big time and now I'm not fitness, bitch
I'm ridin' around and I'm grittin' it
To the people, the people that want the evil, I'm givin' you
That and a coupla others a (Klusterfuk!)
Of a brotha which you discover I (Crush mucks up!)
In the gutter 'cause I'm a thug and their (Tough just struck!)
On you mo'fuckers I'll be the blood brother
Givin' you love from a slug if you bug on a nigga
Tug on a trigga, no hugs, I'ma kiss her with
Grudges and plug her with drugs when I give her dick
Fatherly when I spit on these kiddies, don't bother me
In the brown and red dickies, Mahogany
Red all over me like I hit a artery
Fuck all of these, hypocrites, lick a dick, just swallow me
If you follow me and wanted to abolish me
When I'm honestly straight oddity
I'm just twisted, non-fictitious, on this wicked shit (Spit a bit quick!)
Ready whenever, machete will sever the head or
Be dead up then the leg up in the metal and (Big thick bricks!)
Pucker up, suck this nutter butter, gutter slut
If you wonder what is uttered this is Klusterfuk!
Ever seen a nigga with hella followers
And they love a nigga so much if he wanna tell them to kill?
Ha-ha-ha-ha-hah! And they will!
So ya better watch that, no it ain't a shock tactic, got that bit down to the grill
Heh-heh-heh-heh-heh-heeeh! Way real!
I got the shit that get the crowd jumpin'
Moshin', a lotta thumpin', silly just like a drunken monkey!
Nigga, we punkin' flunkies! Killa, we krunk and funky!
Uhh, pumpin' chunky! Uhh, booty bitches in the bunk with a donkey, eh!
Crazy, I might be way in my psyche, laid as a bright P.A
Playin', they wanna fight me
They don't really like me
Day and the night replay
Yeah, I'm good and a little bit of evil
Inside of me, they about equal
Call it a bust, when I'm all in a rut
I'm a Klusterfuk, nigga y'all is just (Fecal!)
You might also like
Growin' up low enough must have sucked (People!)
Call me what? Call me a Klusterfuk (Fecal!)
Growin' up low enough must have sucked (People!)
Call me what? Call me a Klusterfuk

Talk about growin' up fucked up
I grew up with a mentally ill mother, so it's no wonder that I'm slightly askew
Her fanatical religious views had me sittin' in pews eight days a week
And because of that, me and God didn't speak for a while
Now I crack a smile when I'm asked my religious preference
I utter a Tech N9ne reference replying: "I'm a Klusterfuk"
I mixed up all the stuff that religion had to offer
Boiled it in my cauldron 'till the bullshit burned off it, all that was left was love
I can't say I always rise above the trivial shit in my life, 'cause I don't
Sometimes my ego won't allow me to walk away, if you know what I'm sayin'
I've done a lot of drugs, shit, I've done a lot of thugs, but in the end
As long as I'm aligned with love, then I know I'm livin' righteous

By a landslide my energy!
Will kill a man, why try mimic me?!
Cause the fans tied identically!
Love it when the fans buy my memories!
By a landslide my energy!
Will kill a man, why try mimic me?!
Cause the fans tied identically!
Love it when the fans buy my memories!
By a landslide my energy! (Growin' up low enough must have sucked)
Will kill a man, why try mimic me?!
Cause the fans tied identically! (Call me what? Call me a Klusterfuk)
Love it when the fans buy my memories!
By a landslide my energy! (Growin' up low enough must have sucked)
Will kill a man, why try mimic me?!
Cause the fans tied identically! (Call me what? Call me a Klusterfuk)
Love it when the fans buy my memories!16Embed