Auditorium Lyrics
Peace
Da-da-da-da-da
Peace, peace, peace, peace, peace, peace
Power
Ugh
Mad Liberator
Def operator
Rock the data
Amazin' flavor
Yo!
The way I feel — sometimes, it's too hard to sit still
Things are so passionate, times are so real
Sometimes I try and chill, mellow down, blowin' smoke
Smile on my face, but it's really no joke
You feel it in the street, the people breathe without hope
They goin' through the motion, they dimmin' down the focus
The focus get cleared, then the light turn sharp
And the eyes go teary, the mind grow weary
I speak it so clearly, sometimes, y'all don't hear me
I push it past the bass, know nations gotta feel me
I feel it in my bones, black
I'm so wide awake that I'm hardly ever 'sleep
My flow forever deep
And it's volumes of scriptures when I breathe on a beat
My presence speak volumes before I say a word
I'm everywhere — penthouse, pavement and curb
Cradle to the grave, tall cathedral or a cell
Universal ghetto life — holla, black, you know it well
Quiet storm, vital form, pen pushed it right across
Mind is a vital force, high, low or right across
Soul is the lion's roar, voice is the siren
I swing 'round, ring out, and bring down the tyrant
Chop a small axe and knock a giant lopsided
The world is so dangerous, there's no need for fightin'
Suckers tryin' to hide like the struggle won't find 'em
Then, the sun bust through the clouds to clearly remind 'em
It's everywhere! — Penthouse, pavement and curb
Cradle to the grave, tall cathedral or a cell
Universal ghetto life — holla, black, you know it well
You might also like
What it is, you know, they know
What it is, we know, y'all know
What it is, Ecstatic, there it is!
Huh, what it is, you know, we know
What it is, they know, y'all know
What it is, you don't know? Here it is!
What it is, you know, we know
What it is, they know, y'all know (What it is)
What it is, you don't know? Here it is! (Here it is)

Ecstatic
En punto
Ha, ba-da-da-da-da
Peace, power (Ba-da-ba-da-ba)
Fantastic
So original
And always on time (Jeweler)
And rockin' your mind (Ruler!)

Sit and come relax, riddle of the mack
It's the patch, I'm a soldier in the middle of Iraq (Uh-huh)
Well, say, about noon-ish, comin' out the whip, and
Lookin' at me curious, a young Iraqi kid (Huh...)
Carryin' laundry, "What's wrong, G? Hungry?"
"No, gimme my oil or get  out my country!"
And in Arabian barkin' other stuff ("Jihad! Muhammad! Jihad! Mahmood!")
'Til his moms come grab him and they walk off in a rush
Distrust, feelin' like I's pissed upon wound
I'm like, "Shorty, hope that we can fix our differences soon! Bye!"
Buyin' apples, I'm breakin' on
"You take everythin', why not just take the damn food, black bastard?"
I don't understand it, on another planet? (Uh-huh)
Fifteen months of this stuff, how I'm gonna manage?
And increasin' this sentiment
Gentlemen gettin' down on their Middle Eastern instruments
Realized trapped in this crap (Uh-huh)
Walk over, kicked one of my fabulous raps ("La-Di-Da-Di")
Arab jaw drop, they well wish, they glad rap
Now the kid considered like an Elvis of Baghdad
What it is!

Ali: This one will not win and this one will not, this one will not win
This one win, this one win, ace
This one will not win and this one will not win, dame and ace

What it is!

Omar: Men have two faces: one that laughs and one that cries
Ali: They sent you?
Omar: Yeah, so? Here

What it is, you know, they know
What it is, we know, y'all know
What it is, Ecstatic, there it is!
Huh! What it is, you know, we know
What it is, they know, y'all know
What it is, you don't know? Here it is!
What it is, you know, we know
What it is, they know, y'all know
What it is, you know, here it is!48Embed