Who Am I (What’s My Name)? Lyrics
Eee-ya-ya-ya-ya-yah The Dogg Pound's in the house (The bomb)
Eee-ya-ya-ya-ya-yah The Dogg Pound's in the house
Snoop Doggy, Dogg (The bomb)
Snoop Doggy, Dogg (Dog)

From the depths of the sea, back to the block
Snoop Doggy Dogg, funky as the, the, The D.O.C
Went solo on that ass, but it's still the same
Long Beach is the spot where I serve my 'caine
Follow me, follow me, follow me, follow me, but don't lose your grip
Nine-trizzay's the yizzear for me to fuck up shit
So I ain't holdin nuttin' back
And motherfucker, I got five on that twenty sack
It's like that and as a matter of fact (Rat-tat-tat-tat)
'Cause I never hesitate to put a nigga on his back
Yeah, so peep out the manuscript
You see that it's a must we drop gangsta shit
What's my motherfuckin' name?
Snoop Doggy Dogg (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Snoop Doggy Dogg (The bomb)
Da-da-da-da-dah
Do-do-do-do, doo-doo-doo-da-dahhh (Dog)

It's the bow to the wow, creepin and crawlin
Yiggy yes y'allin, Snoop Doggy Dogg in
The motherfuckin' house like everyday
Droppin' shit with my nigga Mr. Dr. Dre
Like I said, niggas can't FUCK with this
And niggas can't FUCK with that
Shit that I drop 'cause ya know it don't stop
Mr. One Eight Seven on a motherfuckin' cop
Tic toc never the Glock just some nuts and a cock
Robbin' motherfuckers then I kill dem bloodclots
Then I step through the fog and I creep through the smog
'Cause I'm Snoop Doggy (Who?) Doggy (What?) Doggy Dogg

Snoop Doggy Dogg
Snoop Doggy Dogg (The bomb)
Bow wow wow yippie-yo-yippie-yay
Bow wow wow yippie-yo (The bomb)
Bow wow wow yippie-yo-yippie-yay
Bow wow wow yippie yo yo yo yo (Dog)
You might also like
Now just throw your hands in the motherfuckin' air
And wave the motherfuckers like ya just don't care (Dog)
Yeah roll up the dank, and pour the drank
And watch your step (Why?) 'cause Doggy's on the gank
My bank roll's on swoll
My shit's on hit, legit, now I'm on parole, stroll
With the Dogg Pound right behind me
And up in yo bitch, is where ya might find me
Layin that, playin that G Thang
She want the nigga with the biggest nuts, and guess what?
He is I, and I am him, slim with the tilted brim
What's my motherfuckin' name?

Snoop Doggy Dogg (The bomb)
Snoop Doggy Dogg
Snoop Doggy Dogg (The bomb)
Snoop Doggy Dogg (Dog)
Da-da-da-da-dah
Do-do-do-do, doo-doo-doo-da-dahhh (The bomb)
Da-da-da-da-dah
Do-do-do-do, doo-doo-doo-da-dahhh (Dog, the bomb)

Doggy Dogg, Doggy Dogg, Doggy Dogg
(Bow wow wow yippie-yo-yippie yay
Bow wow wow yippie-yo (The bomb)
Bow wow wow yippie-yo-yippie yay
Bow wow wow yippie yo (The bomb))
What is, his name? (Dog) Snoop Dogg, and the Dogg Pound (Dog) (The bomb)
Oh, Snoopy Dogg, Snoopy Dogg, Snoopy Dogg (The bomb)
Yeah yeah (Dog) I know his name
C'mon Snoopy, c'mon Snoopy (The bomb)
And the Dogg Pound
Snoopy Dogg (The bomb) Snoopy Dogg
Snoopy Dogg (Dog)
(Dog, nasty dog, doggy dog)49Embed