Kick, Push Lyrics

Ugh! (Woo!)
What up, y'all? Yeah
(Soundtrakk, what's poppin', baby?)
Woo! (Ugh)
If y'all ain't know
I go by the name of Lupe Fiasco
(Kick, push, coast)
Representing that First and Fifteenth, yeah, uh
And this one right here (Woo!)
I dedicate this one right here (Uproxx...)
To all my homies out there grinding
You know what I'm saying? Legally and illegally, haha
You know what I'm talking about? (Woo!)
So, check it out, uh
First got it when he was six, didn't know any tricks
Matter of fact, first time he got on it, he slipped
Landed on his hip and busted his lip
For a week he had to talk with a lisp, like thisss... (Ugh)
Now we can end the story right here
But shorty didn't quit, it was something in the air (Ugh)
Yeah, he said it was something so appealing
He couldn't fight the feeling, something about it
He knew he couldn't doubt it, couldn't understand it
Branded, since the first kickflip he landed, ugh (Woo)
Labeled a misfit, a bandit
Ka-kunk, ka-kunk, ka-kunk; his neighbors couldn't stand it
So, he was banished to the park
Started in the morning, wouldn't stop 'til after dark, yeah
When they said "It's getting late in here
So I'm sorry, young man, there's no skating here"

And so he kick, push, kick, push
Kick, push, kick, push; coast...
And away he rolled
Just a rebel to the world with no place to go
And so he kick, push, kick, push
Kick, push, kick, push; coast...
So come and skate with me
Just a rebel looking for a place to be
You might also like
So let's kick... (Ugh)
And push (Y-yeah, y-yeah-yeah)
And coast
Uh, uh, uh (Y-yeah, y-yeah-yeah)

My man got a little older, became a better roller
Yeah, no helmet, hell bent on killing himself
Is what his mama said, but he was feeling himself
Got a little more swagger in his style
Met his girlfriend, she was clapping in the crowd
Love is what-what was happening to him now, ugh!
He said "I would marry you
But I'm engaged to these aerials and varials
And I don't think this board is strong enough to carry two"
She said "Bow! I weigh a hundred and twenty pounds" (Woo!)
"Now, let me make one thing clear
I don't need to ride yours, I got mine right here"
So she took him to a spot he didn't know about
Some odd-end apartment parking lot
She said "I don't normally take dates in here"
Security came and said "I'm sorry, there's no skating here"

And so they kick, push, kick, push
Kick, push, kick, push; coast...
And away they roll
Just lovers intertwined with no place to go
And so they kick, push, kick, push
Kick, push, kick, push; coast...
So come and skate with me
Just a rebel looking for a place to be
So let's kick (Ugh, ugh)
And push, yeah, yeah (Woo, woo)
And coast... (Yeah, ugh!)
(Haha, swanky)
Yeah, yeah!

Before he knew, he had a crew that wasn't no punk
In they Spitfire shirts and SB dunks
They would push 'til they couldn't skate no more
Office building lobbies wasn't safe no more
And it wasn't like they wasn't getting chased no more
Just the freedom was better than breathing, they said (They said...)
An escape route they used to escape out
When things got crazy, they needed to break out
They'd head... to any place with stairs
Any good grinds, the world was theirs, ugh!
And their four wheels would take them there
Until the cops came and said, "There's no skating here"

And so they kick, push, kick, push
Kick, push, kick, push; coast...
And away they rolled
Just rebels without a cause with no place to go
And so they kick, push, kick, push
Kick, push, kick, push; coast...
So come roll with me
Just a rebel looking for a place to be

So let's kick (Ugh, ugh)
And push, yeah, yeah (Woo, woo)
And coast...
Ah-ha, swanky (Mm, mm)51Embed