Aw Yeah? (interVENTion) Lyrics
Domine...Domine...Domine...Domine...
Question for the maker and it's, "Aw yeah?"
This the way it's supposed to be huh? Aight

Sippin'
On a glass of red wine
Right before bedtime thinkin'
Everybody down here trippin'
If you up there upstairs, this is N9na tellin' you to listen
The vision I'm givin' every day, life is dumpin' on us like a pigeon
I get many enemies with this Forbes list
But I get rid of energy from piss poor pricks
Can I get to heaven?
All I get is threatened every time I get more chips
Gotta grip four-fifths for the sick forces
I gotta fight all of the night with cops, Crips, Bloods with sore fists
And them Nazis wanna hem Hadji, up it ain't too many men godly
Hideous so many cities bust in, Ferguson to Libya, Benghazi
Human equality never been a level playin' field man it been wobbly
So many circles of sin rob me, that's why we go angel to grim Cosby's
Yellin' this to my superior, the grading of love is inferior
Upon this earth a lot of people jerked around
About 300,000 to Syria, are you serious?
I could never think of buryin' my children p-p-period
Nigeria
I'ma yell while I'm walkin' through this Hell 'cause I'm furious
Zuse know what's up, he said you gotta pack a toy (Toy, toy, toy)
But why you got to let the bodies drop in a coffee shop in Aussie? (Aussie, Oi Oi Oi)
But around here lovin' coco's the bomb
Meanwhile so many people are taken out by the hands of Boko Haram
Aw yeah?! (Aw yeah? Aw yeah?)
They gotta suffer the penalty 'cause of our education
Nobody wanna say nothin', but I gotta call it abomination
Pissed off, they go at this cost
What these babies blood drippin' for?
So I say in Latin, listen Lord
Audire domine (Audire domine)
Audire domine (Audire domine)
Only way people are gonna be able to kill off a demon is
Pick up a gun and be ready to put it between him, a nigga be screamin'
Audire domine (Audire domine)
No fear the only way
Every day flatten the beast
At least Anonymous is hackin' for peace
And yet we gotta bust 'cause we packin' a piece
Choke not another one of us for the snappin' police
Who the hell a brother gonna trust when it's always dishonor?
Hate me like Obama
And I ain't even got around to askin' you the question, God
What about my, MAMAAAA!?!?
Welcome to Special EffectsYou might also like71Embed