I Can’t Understand Lyrics
I can't understand, I can't understand
I can't understand, I can't understand
(It's got me goin' crazy, things are goin' crazy)

Forgive me Father for I have sinned
I just destroyed another phony ass rapper again
She wasn't causin' it
She must be stupid as a fiend
They should have told the child 'You don't step to the Queen!'
Perplexed and I'm vexed 'cause everywhere I go
People be flexin' expectin' me to wanna flow
I don't play that, the only way that
I would be playing is if I pay back
And run the playback, so whatcha sayin'?
You don't wanna be a sista' in the name of rap
And yet you wanna talk shit and your style is wack
I would have squashed it before and made the whole issue dead
But now I'm fed, so it's off with your head
Now
The moral of the verse is your career is through
And don't be fuckin' with nobody who ain't fuckin' with you
If I was in yo shoes I'd let the BS start walkin'
Next time there might not be no talkin'
I can't understand, I can't understand
I can't understand, I can't understand
(It's got me goin' crazy, things are goin' crazy)

A brotha pushed up on me at the movies one weekend
He was on a quest and I was who he was seekin'
And although I am Black and he was a Puerto Rican
Ain't make no diff to me, so we continued to speak and
We hit it right off and everything was on a roll
Before I knew it, I fell in love with his soul
"Aye papi! Aye!" Was the cry as he made love to me
I was freaked by the way he used to do me
And then one day when I was washin' our clothes
A number fell outta his pocket and her name was Rose
A girl's number? Hmmm. That struck me kinda funny
I lost my grip, I had to call up the honey
"There was a chick on the side!" Oh no it couldn't be!
"There was a chick on the side!" He's down with OPP?
I gave you the whole shabang
Just to find another woman hittin' my thang

I can't understand, I can't understand
I can't understand, I can't understand
(It's got me goin' crazy, things are goin' crazy)
I can't understand, I can't understand
I can't understand, I can't understand
(It's got me goin' crazy, things are goin' crazy)
You might also like
Why the negative vibes? And why do people take bribes?
I don't understand it, yo (I don't know)
Why do bad people live? And why do good people die?
Somebody gotta tell me why  (I don't know)
Why do people smoke crack? And why do White fight Black?
What's that scenario?  (I don't know)
Why do hearts get broken? Why the chumps get choked?
They know I ain't no joke  (I don't know)
Now, with the drums to the bass to the piano to the horn
It's a crazy ass life and that's my word, it's bond
I'm tryin' to be as logical as I possibly can
But for the life of me, you know I just can't understand
What's goin' on sometimes
So situations like this come out in my rhymes
But Queen Latifah ain't gone just yet
'Cause when it comes to masterin' confusion I'm a VET

I can't understand, I can't understand
I can't understand, I can't understand
(It's got me goin' crazy, things are goin' crazy)2Embed