Fortune Force Field Lyrics
I can see it right in front of me
But something is saying no
Granted a lot has come to me
But some major ideas still trying to make it go
Fortune force field
I can taste it, but can't drink it
I can make it when I think it
Can't mistake it, so distinctive
Man I hate this, man I dreamed it, can't believe it
I gotta let it go!
(So!) It's on for tonight
(Oh!) Hope this wall is ready for a fight
(Yo!) In this hole I'm reaching for the light
(No!) A lot of dreams are lost in the night

Why you wanna try to take my bill ticket?
I mean real wicked, I seem real livid
I've been filled with it, I mean vexed
Un-ex-pect-ted-ness, when everything is the best
I get a minute to rest, but then a nigga regrets
I gets the money but next I'm in debt
(I won, what?) I mean I lost, take green from a boss
Be the things that I dream, but they intervene they get my creme, then I'm off
(Whose they?)
They turned the motherfuckin' best position into a deposition
Dealing with that will make you wanna ex the mission
Never no checks to get to and that's the bitching
How do I maintain my autonomy
With so many leeches in this economy?
My moaning is mearly monetary
But the moment it's really gone is scary
Try to beat my high score, but I fight forward despite lawyers
An eye for an eye because my type's warrior
Never the less I inherit a mess, a big floor spill
I'm steady pushing to break down this fortune force field
You might also like
(So!) It's on for tonight
(Oh!) Hope this wall is ready for a fight
(Yo!) In this hole I'm reaching for the light
(No!) A lot of dreams are lost in the night

Yeah, it's like pulling a bad one
Get her off at the pad, then get the Jimmy to stab some
But you can't and puddy is right there
Like a, barrier or something, keeping you from her such a negative type lair
You can never pipe nair when you've got it in front of you, wanna do, it's a pitiful nightmare
It's like making a baby
You never having it, is making you crazy
And toting a living human, it's making you weighty
Kick, kick, kick, shaking your lady
Like late in the 80's, got my name and got to taking the stage, V
Told the people I got Satan to save me, that's why radio be hating to play me
Everything you gain only brings you pain
But the fame it fools the brain
But you regain it through Strange
Yeah, never put your guard down
Because I wanna bang, bang, bang hard now
I'm a warhound, never mistaken I kick walls down
To the ground and get applause sound because I got even, then I'm lard bound
(So!) It's on for tonight
(Oh!) Hope this wall is ready for a fight
(Yo!) In this hole I'm reaching for the light
(No!) A lot of dreams are lost in the night

Lot of dreams are lost in the night
Lot of dreams are lost in the night
Fuck your litigation
We gon' win, just a bit of waiting
Everytime that I get ahead gotta be a motherfuckin' drawback
So I'mma draw back and bang them bitches 'til they all crack
MSC look what you've done to me
Kept the first five I done for me
And you others know that Caribou Lou belong to me
You come for me
Just know we will never settle, war is what it's gonna be!

(So!) It's on for tonight
(Oh!) Hope this wall is ready for a fight
(Yo!) In this hole I'm reaching for the light
(No!) A lot of dreams are lost in the night

Lot of dreams are lost in the night
Lot of dreams are lost in the night

Yeah, been breaking down that fortune force field for a long time
Now I get my just due11Embed