Dwamn Lyrics
Speak-a my language?
People I hang with
You can't find this in ya big book
Never heard before, my crew, bitch, look

Hellurr, straight crown and a burrr
And after I'm finished you know I'ma drink some murrr
But I got 20/20 vision when I'm pitchin, listen
I spot them chickens never slippin like a transmission
You like Baileys, I like ladies, I'm quite crazy
And maybe a little shady to hit tonight baby
Cookies, I gotta bang, they wanna hang with a real nigga
All day, everyday, by myself, not a gang
Wanna go night-night, nigga?
I'ma so nice I lit up, like a swisher
I don't know why thy bitter
Won't stroke by my ni-nuts, Papa getcha
Wi-wi-wi-witch if you hide the puta
Away from me then you can blow me, like a hookah
They know I'm a crowded prusta
On the pooty tang, ya booty bang
And I wish I was your loofah
Oooh, you're sweeter than Dean and DeLuca
Trying to boost ya, this my number that I shoot ya
(So hot I need a fan on it (uhhuh)
E'rybody wanna land on it (uhhuh)
So c'mon and put ya hand on it (uhhuh)
Now what's "damn" with a "wham" on it?)
DWAAAAAMN!!! like bam like blaow like
DWAAAAAMN!!! like blam like wow like
DWAAAAAMN!!! Say, bitch (Say what?) Okay, ma'am
That's enough to make the whole spot say "DWAAAAAMN!!!"

Sound like when somebody get hit on Batman
Always looking for the pussy - CAT-scan
Booty's always being watched - black man
Never be caught messing around in the flat-land
I solemnly swear to beat punini
Jiggly jello off in a petite bikini
Women waiting in line to meet my weenie
Wanna see me go Gandolfini
Don't you let me reach the creamy
Ain't nobody got time for that
But I got time for getting you behind the clap
DWAMN! Drew, Rock, Troy, Mike, Rich
Brian Dennis made nina put the dwamn on the DWITCH
We drinkin'
We thinkin'
We linkin' with ladies cause they winkin'
Now I can say "damn," but that ain't big
Sayin' "dwamn" say you seen a whole lot, dig?
You might also like
(So hot I need a fan on it (uhhuh)
E'rybody wanna land on it (uhhuh)
So c'mon and put ya hand on it (uhhuh)
Now what's "damn" with a "wham" on it?)
DWAAAAAMN!!! like bam like blaow like
DWAAAAAMN!!! like blam like wow like
DWAAAAAMN!!! Say, bitch (Say what?) Okay, ma'am
That's enough to make the whole spot say "DWAAAAAMN!!!"

I cross my heart like a peacoat
If you bring it here I'ma throw c-notes
Let me float of in your water like a sea boat
She choked, guess she didn't have a deep throat
Dwamn is when it's impressive
Dwamn is you seeing someone on some next shit
Dwamn is when you listening to Ninna Tech spit - that's it
But look on the big rump on that bitch!
Girl I ain't seen in a while
No longer teen in her style
Bust seams in jeans and her blouse
Like bam, like blaow, like blam, like wow, like DWAMN!

(So hot I need a fan on it (uhhuh)
Everybody wanna land on it (uhhuh)
So c'mon and put ya hand on it (uhhuh)
Now what's "damn" with a "wham" on it?)
DWAAAAAMN!!! like bam like blaow like
DWAAAAAMN!!! like blam like wow like
DWAAAAAMN!!! Say, bitch (Say what?) Okay, ma'am
That's enough to make the whole spot say "DWAAAAAMN!!!"10Embed