Cowards in Compton (Radio Version) Lyrics
UH! Yeah Suckas Y'all Just Don't Know Payback
Is most definitely In Effect!! Right Here, Right Now
Yo Dre! You And Your Snoop Dogg Girlfirend
Lemme Tell Your Something I Got My Boy JT Money on
Wanksta I Got My Boy Clayvoisie The Next Sir
Yo! We Next For The Rip, We Be The Rippin'
Yo JT Kick It!

I know suckas ain't tryin' to diss comin' with that wack
Keep tryin' to front, mess around and keep Blastin
And yo' Back Split! and Your drastic!
Run up on my homies and you Leave in a Casket!
Real Playaz don't talk that way Trip
Talk about, let another brother suck ya hmm
Only punks talk like that
I won't even bust ya; I'll slap you with my gat!
Frontin' like a gangsta, but you's a faggot
See if you can act it, but you can't back it
A brothers like me won't play wit' ya
I'mma BUCK BUCK BUCK when I get ya!
Whatever, I'm Goin' All Out
Step on Death Row and spray up ya house, Suckas!
Some Bets Couldn't tryin' to talk bad
Mess around, get a missile launched in yo' ass
And for your homies talkin' fly slicks
If we was locked up together I'd have made 'em MY Trick!
Cause I know y'all pranksters
Y'all suckas still Fakin' Like Gangsters! Rough Time!!
It's about time for me to tear the roof off the mother
I grab the gat to make you all Your Punk run for cover
You can fool a groupie, but you can't fool a gangsta
1985, you used to be a prankster
Down with Alonzo and the World Wreckin' Cru
Turnin' off the lights and dressin' like women too
Everybody on Death Row must be a joke
I put a level to the chair and watch you punks smoke
Real Gangstas don't follow punks down here
I guess your Boy Snoopie Dogg must be a queer
So who the hell you gonna blast here in Miami?
Step with me and I'll kill your whole family!
And I do mean ho', you think I'm playin', son?
I got my Glock to your head, now where you gonna run?
Before you diss my homie Luke, you better think twice
I'll pull a trigger, Punk, and turn off your life!

Yeah, suckas, you just don't know! A Boys Since Your Back In The days! When You Dress Up And Your Secret Outfit
When you was sittin' on them album covers you Singin'  Back In The day Now  with the Lip gloss, and them sequins outfits on With Sweet Perfume, Yo Dre! you know what I want you to do for me
Right now? *music stops*
Take off that g-string, ba-by
And you gon' be my girl - maybe -
Yo, Mike Fresh, let's just take these Suckas beat!!
*The opening of the instrumental track from "Dre Day"*
Yeah, Suckas this is how we do, we take Suckas beat!
Yo, better yet, I Wanna hear On It
*The record needle is dragged off*
Yo, Mike Fresh Bring That Back To The Real Gangstas Beats!
*The "Cowards" track comes back on*
You might also like
Verse two, Silly Suckas, I still hit you with the ill slick
Front with my homies and yo' about to get killed quick
Dr. Dre, you ain't slick!!
Did a whole album of other dummies pullin' your tip
I'll wreck your whole staff
Bust shots but I'm fast, you suckas can't last!
So don't try to flip the script, money grip
Got a TEC on my hip, plus I'm in the mood to trip
And I'll take your 4-4
Take a walk down Death Row, them suckas get Petrol
Cause that junk ain't nothin' but soft-town
Play bad, get knocked off, clown
I'll be on the D.L. scopin'
Catch you slippin', leave your head and your' chest open
That suckas changed gears like a 10-speed
Last album, that homeboy was against Weed
Now he's mister Chronic-man
Get high, suckas, try to play bionic man
Act like you wanna be tough
And we gon' see who'll really get blowed, ya

Yeah,  check this out , lemme tell you somethin'! What you gon'
Be? You gon' be a this Year Next Year Smoke Weed Album cover weed? You gon' be a bruise next year! Aight, what you gon' be on this' year Freak Costume Dress On Album Cover ? this year You Be A Gangsta Yo Dre!, somethin' 'bout a right? All real - I mean, you lookin' at a real Now lemme tell you somethin'. Have you ever got head on stage, then? Girl on stage You Give A Straight Naked Lemme tell you somethin' Dre. Cowards in Compton get sprayed in Dade! Cowards in Compton get sprayed in Dade, Yo, Punk! Cowards in Compton get sprayed in {Bleep}' Dade! You ho-ass nigga, you my bitch, bitch!
HELL yeah!

Luke Records would like to acknowledge that all references made in the previous work towards homosexuals is not reflecting anti-homosexual position on our part. Our problem was just homosexuals by the name of Dr. Dre and Snoop DoggEmbed