Da Funk Lyrics
Yo, yo, yo, check this out
Yo, yo, we gon' go back to the old school right now
Yo, yo, Red
Yo, what's up, G?
Yo, yo, yo, check this out
I believe there's no nigga out there as funky as you (True)
So what we gonna do is we gonna go back to the old P-Funkadelic (Get the fuck outta here, word?)
You know what I'm sayin'? (Word)
Remember that old cut you did? (Yeah, yeah)
That ol' P-Funk cut? (Yeah, "make my funk the P-Funk")
Yeah, yeah, that's it
Well, what we gon' do is we gon' reminisce on that ol' shit (Word?), know what I'm sayin'?
We gon' go right back to the old school, but before we do
I wanna know is my niggas in the house? (Hell yeah!)
I said is my motherfuckin' niggas in the house? (Hell yeah!)
So everybody just light your spliffs up (Yeah)
Get your skunk weed and light that shit up
And let the funk be your guiding light (Get out)
You heard it comin' straight from the lungs of the Funkadelic brother himself (Yeah)
More funk than a bag of skunk (Uh)
Twice the funk than James Brown's socks (Hit me)
Hittin' you straight across your mouth with a tune
Yo, Redman, drop it
Make my funk the P-Funk (I wants to get funked up)
I wants to get funked up

Make my funk the P-Funk, we thump
Lyrics that bounce brains, make emcees jump
Sky high, can't touch the level so why try?
Fall Guy compare me status to fly guy
Rough and rugged, and brother it takes ten to conquer
That's why I'm on probation
Ever since three, I cut throats of emcees
Mediocre lyricist who burnt with degrees
Of two-tens, not from an oven, but MAC-10
A MAC-20 maybe if I didn't subtract ten
My background straight from a Black man's culture
Want more? Buy the video or Redman sculpture
For your mantle, damn you, too hard to handle
E-Double slam once and Redman slam two
Break hooks, earthquake shook the state of NJ
Okay, bust the big gate
For microphones that have swollen mic cords
P.E. fights for power, Redman fights for soul power
Funk is strong as a tree trunk
Ask me the flavor, make mines the P-Funk
You might also like
Make my funk the P-Funk
I want my funk uncut (Make mine the P)
Make my funk the P-Funk (I wants to get funked up)
I wants to get funked up

I'm back with the funk, chump
You want funk? How many lumps?
I got spunk, I'm well-known like Donald Trump
I'm not—Embed