Do It Now Lyrics
Back up, back up, back up, back up
Back up back up back up back up EASE off
This goes out to all area crew (yes yes)
To my BK crew (ooh-OOOOOOOH-WHEEE) to my QB crew
My LI crew, my Shaolin crew
My Dirty South crew
(What cha'll niggas know about the Dirty South?)
Atlanta, North Cakalak'
For all my fam, all area crew (AOWWWWWWWWW)
Yeah mon!!
Yes, the first cut should be the deepest
To penetrate beyond the muscle wall's inner regions
First you was icing me, connect with the staring at the speakers
Heard the rhyme, head high, what ya starin at ya sneakers
You shy now, got a lot of things on your mind now
You don't feel fly now, you hunting the exit sign down
Fuck what you heard, 'cause I snatch the grapevine down
(yea yeah)
Don't understand how I ran the line down? Rewind now

Yo, we be the most magnetic, so athletic
Leave your peeps on the side
So they can watch you and your mans get it
Take the arch rivalry stance up on the podium
And give the flavor to niggas but keep it low on sodium
Possess shit that got you wondering how we holdin 'em
Things that'll lay you out like a piece of linoleum
Bring who-ever you want, we bout to bug, son, and bounce
Down to Henry Hudson, after I bust one!

Ay Mos Def!, alright okay
How you feel?, feeling great
What you want?, I wanna do it to death
What's up with you?
You know my steez, true indeed
Say it loud, black and proud
Ain't no time to hesitate at the gate, do it now!
Bus-a-Bus, What-a-gwan?
How you feel? Feeling great
What you want?, I wanna do it to death, what up wit you?
You know my steez, true indeed
Say it loud, Black and proud
Ain't no time to hesitate at the gate, do it now!
You might also like
Ay dios mio, me and Bustarimo muy peligro
The two hottest negroes en Los Estados Unidos
Hotter than Reno when discovered by Bugsy Siegel
I'm black like Don Cheadle shoutin' power to the people
My rhymes dipping like the lifeline on the e-boat
The raw sugar cane, NutraSweet, never Equal
If you in a Benzito or your mother's Buick Regal
I get up like Chino shoutin power to the people

Yo, me and the Mighty Mos shine like a light post
Live nigga shit be straight fucking up the white folks
That's why they with it now, because niggas like me and you
We did it now, brought it to that level so they get it now
We graduated saturated the game now
Infatuated with the fame now, let me explain how
We doing this, at any time or any place ready willing and able
Let's get the dough secure the food on the table

Ay Mos Def!, oh my god
How you feel?, feeling great
What you want?, I wanna do it to death
What's up with you?
You know my steez, true indeed
Say it loud, black and proud
Ain't no time to hesitate at the gate, do it now!
Bus-a-Bus, rhymes galore
What's the deal? Feeling great
What you want?, I wanna do it to death, what up with you?
You know my steez, true indeed
Say it loud, black and proud
Ain't no time to hesitate at the gate, do it now!
From east, west, north, and south, I got joints for all of those
Heavy aquatic water flows keepin' them on they toes
Tell them thugs that wanna be CEOs to be derobed
'Fore I wear your little dumb ass out like Easter clothes!

Yo, yo yo yo yo
It's like a freak show, soon as my heat blow
Sometime I speak slow so people understand my street flow
And while we keep it hot, we got the most shine up in
This whole shit, me and Mos spit and blow the show quick

Watch out, your pussy sound get bucked south
Mos and Busta Rhymes too bad man-a-shutout
Watch out, give a damn what fancy car ya hop out
Shut down your game like the NBA lockout

You better watch out, I'm 'bout to black on niggas
Like I'm blowin on a sax, blowin my gats on niggas
Blowin my raps on niggas, now let me mash out
We fatter than the biggest ass chicks pokin' they ass out

Ay Mos Def!, magnetism
How you feel?, feeling great
What you want?, I wanna do it to death, what's up with you?
You know my steez, true indeed
Say it loud, black and proud
Ain't no time to hesitate at the gate, do it now!
Bus-a-Bus, woo ha
How you feel? Feeling great
What you want?, I wanna do it to death, what up with you?
You know my steez, true indeed
Say it loud, black and proud
Ain't no time to hesitate at the gate, do it now!

What what, we got to do it, do it
We got to do it, do it, make me do it, do it
What.. wha-what-what, we got to do it, do it
Make me do it, do it
Do it do it do it now!
What what, we got to do it, do it
Do we do it, do it, do it, ah do it now!
What what, we got to do it, do it
Got to do it, do it
Do it now!9Embed