Strangeulation Vol. II Cypher III Lyrics
I'm proud to present this cypher to my technicians, 'cause this one has been a long time coming
So I called on my big homie Big Scoob, and my lil' homie; JL B. Hood
Let's go

Yeah, aha, Big Fella
Back pushin' that trap shit to your tracklist
Tecca N9na's new package, Big Fella gon' snap bitch
Whip game, I'm magic, front flips, no backflips
Ill eatin' old passed whips, looky here, these facts, bitch (yeah!)
Big Fella y'all know me man, show me, homie, I'm still the same
I'm a little older got a little colder, I'm still a soldier, I'm blowing flames
Time to get, what's happening blood?
This don't get it I'm acting up
Y'all ain’t wit it, then I'ma go get it and ship it in, in the back of the bus
Nah, I'm just fuckin' with it, bickin' back and having fun
Bullshit I'm having none, pussy niggas best hold their tongue
Flip a switch and I'm with the shit get to clapping clips and I'm banging drums
Ignorant with this ignant shit and my only wish is you come get some!
I told you bitches where the fuck I'm from
Showed you this is where the luck might run
Out for the doubt
What you do witcha mouth about to be part of the reason I come and bust my gun
Finnicky front wanna be just like them
Nigga's a boar, be hunted just like one
This no war nor kid time, son
It's a warning, do nothing dumb
You can feel what it is when exposed to the G's
A real one exists this close to the lead
Get ahold of the disk, you suppose to believe
The show is a trip, and the flow's a disease
Coke gotta fizz, got zones of the trees
Never let 'em live, let alone let 'em breathe
Not a fuck I could give, like "fucks, what are these?"
Pros, we official, the ho's Lebanese
Strange got the game in a guillotine choke
Language aim seen finna be quo—ted
Know it ain't my enemy hope
Swank if you can't consider me dope
Ya skank wanna grope me and Joey Cool both
On the bull with a 7, no Toni Kukoč
Bitch check-in to whenever you post
They come out the woodworks, know whenever you close
You know what I'm yelling, know somebody better tell 'em!
Hardhead make a soft-ass, let me get 'em
Up in art class was the only time he drew a weapon
Up the bar blurred lines, I'm a urban legend
No T.I. TMI but I'm fuckin' with protection
Paperwork in red like I'm makin' a correction
Select what I said, hope you makin' the connection
We come at a nigga head, it come off him in a second
Me and Tech got high, said we finna do work
Spat hot lava, finna shoot first
You expect not vibe, I could only do church if
My nigga was alive, I am in the booth hurt!
Know that I'ma ride, why I tell 'em B. Hood
You would look odd in my neck of the woods
If I really wanna slide in your ho I could
But I'm God with a double O, y'all know I'm good!
Step like I should!
You might also like
I steps like a real should
Papered but still hood, we whip it and feel good
Ayy, we makin' your bitches feel good
Yanked it and still could, we whip it and feel good
I steps like a real should
Papered but still hood, we whip it and feel good
Ayy, we makin' your bitches feel good
Yanked it and still could, we whip it and feel good9Embed