A Star Is Born Lyrics
Every day a star is born (And you say New York City! Yeah, yeah)
Clap for 'em! Clap for 'em! Clap for 'em! Hey
Every day a star is born (And you say New York City! Uh-huh)
Clap for 'em! Clap for 'em! Clap for 'em! Hey

I seen Mase do it, I seen 'Ye do it
'X came through, caught lighter fluid
Still I came through it; clap for him!
But I’m the blueprint, I'm like the map for 'em
I dropped another classic, made Puff pass it
Nobody could touch Puff back when Puff had it
Wayne scorchin', I'll applaud him
If he keep going, pass the torch to him
Fifty came through like hurricanes do
I thought I finished his ass at Summer Jam too
I had the Illmatic on bootleg
The shit was so ahead, thought we was all dead
Wayne did "A Milli," Fifty did a milli
'Ye too, but what Em did was silly
The white boy blossomed after Dre endorsed him
His flow on "Renegade": fucking awesome
Applaud him!
Every day, a star is born (And you say New York City!)
Clap for 'em! Clap for 'em! Clap for 'em! Hey
Every day, a star is born (And you say New York City! Uh-huh, Jay)
Clap for 'em! Clap for 'em! Clap for 'em! Hey

Snoop dogged it, Nelly came down
The Face Mob kept it ghetto for the H-Town
Luda moved digits after he moved bitches
Drake's up next, see what he do with it (Uh-huh)
Rule had a run, couple movie parts
T.I. literally wanted to shoot up the charts
What up, Jeezy? What it do?
Y’all remind me of us in early '92 (Uh-huh)
Outkast landed, 3-thou was ill
Like a male version of Lauryn Hill
Mobb Deep shook it, but Prodigy took it
A lil' too far, can't fuck with Brooklyn
Wu-Tang gangbanged it, Meth ate
Rae took on the date with the Purple Tape
Passed on to Ason and then Ghostface
They had a hell of a run, standing ovay', ayy
Every day, a star is born
Clap for 'em! Clap for 'em! Clap for 'em! Hey
Every day, a star is born (Uh-huh, Jay)
Clap for 'em! Clap for 'em! Clap for 'em! Hey
You might also like
And I am one of one
Can’t you see just how long my run?
My reign, Lulu's son-shine
Been a star since I was ducking one-time
One time, give it up for him
December 4th, a star was born
Clap for him! He went from moving that corner
To this corner office, it's so enormous
Hey!
Prez' Carter watching her get her Monica on all day
Hey, got so many different monikers, but only one Jay
They come, they go
Some real, some faux
Some friends, some hoes
But, no, I goes nowhere, this Hov'

Every day a star is born (And you say New York City!)
Clap for 'em! Clap for 'em! Clap for 'em! Hey
Every day a star is born (And you say New York City! Uh-huh, yeah)
Clap for 'em! Clap for 'em! Clap for 'em! Hey
And could I be a star?
Does fame in this game have to change who you are?
Or could I be the same one who came from a far-away life
Just to make it in these Broadway lights?
Now I'm shining in the broad daylight—go figure
A slow transition from a lil' broke nigga from the 'Ville
Got a deal, a real lifesaver
Dreams of being behind the wheel like Jada
I chill now, cop a lil' ice later
Cole, you got the glow like a lil' lightsaber
So clap for him!
Then applaud Hov, he gave him a platform
Flow so sick, thought he wrote the rap for him—no, sir!
The flow cold as the shoulders of gold-digging hoes when a broke nigga 'proaches
Told you I’m focused, man
I’ll let you motherfuckers soak it in, and clap for 'em!
Every day, a star is born (And you say New York City!)
Yeah, hey, and clap for 'em!
Hey, hey, and clap for 'em!
Clap for 'em! Clap for 'em!
I'm here now! Fayettenam
Clap for 'em! Clap for 'em! Ayy (J. Cole!)
Every day, a star is born51Embed