It’s Over Lyrics
Gloria sit tibi semper
Sit tibi domine, sit tibi Christe
Uh-huh, huh, uh-huh, ahh-haa, ahh-haa, see
When y'all heard that, all I’m doin is laughin' at all y'all niggas
That’s been frontin’ on my mans and them man
These niggas started this shit man

When it comes to the shows that I rock and the flows that I drop
Y'all know Run kills the mic
Can't forget about the Olds that I got, and the Rolls in the spot
Y'all know I ain't stealed it, right?
How you gonna take a old song, been around so long
So So Def done made it tight
Done went from a deejay to a emcee
To the R-E-V like overnight
Everybody lookin', players get shook when
Rev Run walk up in the spot
Even all the crooks that been livin’ outta Brooklyn
Just can’t help but point a lot
Everywhere I go now, people say “Oh, wow!”
'Cause they know how I get
It don’t matter if it’s Motown, all the way to yo’ town
You can’t slow down my hits
Can't slow it down, man… Think about this! From 1983 to 2000. It’s 2001 and these niggas still on the run? Y'all, niggas, just crazy, y'all out here tryin' to front, like… they ain’t the reason, you went and bought a pair of shelltoe. The fuck is wrong witch'all?

People wanna hurt Rev Run, say 'cause I got dough
That I must be a type of fraud
But you know the thing that’s funny, this garden ain’t money
Then how rich is the lawn
Went got JD, made me crazy
Play me up in the club
Got a brand new Mercedes, for my lady
But see me, I’m older
To the Bentley and all that come out the garage
On the side of a grand, prestigious home
Y'all ask if I’m blessed by God, player what you thought?
What Rev you seen on chrome?
Gotta make these dollars, comin’ out of Hollis
Got my collar on too
I got the rhyme and the beat and the vibe from the street
And now the rest is on you

The rest is on me man. Let me let y’all know somethin'. The first rap group to get on MTV, hard heavy, ya heard me? And then, they gon’ turn around, and resurrect Aerosmith like… You know what I mean, boy, ain’t enough of that, knahmsayin? If it wasn’t for these cats, man. Y'all wouldn’t know nothin’ about no LL Cool J or Beastie Boys, y'knahmean? And this comin’ from me, I’m lookin’ at it, man, since I been 13 years old man, I’ve been watchin’ these cats, man. I ain’t no old nigga, but I know, nigga, ya heard me, y’knahmsayin? So stop all that frontin’, man. Stop all your frontin’, ya heard me?! Yeah!

Forget the hits that I made or the gig that I played
If you had love back in the day (That’s right)
Just raised up my kicks and I changed what I spit
And returned as the Run y'all love today (Yeah)
I pick the mic back up, came right back up
To the top where I’m ‘posed to be (‘Posed to be)
And when the track light up, y'all can back right up
Y'all players too close to me
You might also like
You know what I used to like? The way my man used to come on stage and grab the mic. And just throw the damn stand across the stage, man. Then he used to tell his man like, “Yo, D, come right here in the middle of the stage, grab yo' shit and say what you gotta say”. And you know what D used to say? He used to say, “Party people! Your dreams have now been fulfilled, get out your seats, and let’s get ill. That’s right y'all, we’re not just rough, we more than tough. And when it comes to {shit} like this, ha, we got enough!” Y'knahmean? You know who the fuck I am, you know my name, you know my game. It’s So So Def, Run-D.M.C. Biatch!1Embed