Yo! Bum Rush the Show Lyrics
Yo! Bum rush the show, yo! Bum rush the show
Yo! Bum rush the show, yo! Bum rush the show

I am taking no prisoners, taking no shorts
Breakin' with the metal of a couple of forts
While we're hearin' that boom supplement the mix
We're gonna rush 'em like the Bears in the 46
Homeboys I don't know but they're part of the pack
In the plan against the man, bum rush attack
For the suckers at the door, if you're up and around
For the suckers at the door, we're gonna knock you right down
Yo! Bum rush the show, yo! Bum rush the show
Yo! Bum rush the show, yo! Bum rush the show

Yo, what clown is this, you're gonna tell us, man
That we can't get inside your spot? Yo man
Let me tell you somethin', man, we came all the way
Down here from the Welsh, ya know what I'm sayin'?
Yo man, you're talkin' about gettin' busy, yo, you wanna
Get busy? Come on, let's step to the back, ya know what I'm sayin'?
I take you to the back and show you some of my techniques
And I'll stomp a mudhole in your ass, bitch

Searchin' my body for fuckin' what?
My gun's just for fun and my knife don't cut
How can I make you understand?
I get ill on a posse with my goddamn hands
Troubles, not me, I don't mean to cause
But you took one look and began to pause
Didn't holla at the dollar we was willin' to spend
But you took one look, wouldn't let our ass in

Yo! Bum rush the show, yo! Bum rush the show
Yo! Bum rush the show, yo! Bum rush the show
You might also like
Yo holmes, I don't know what you're talkin' about, man
But yo, bust a move man, yo, me and my crew
We were in a four limo over last night, ya know
What I'm sayin'? And they are on their way my crib, man
Now yo, when you get up on stage and you start
Talkin' that garbage, man, yo, me and my crew gon' cold crash
The side door, ya know what I'm sayin'? Talkin' about a nine?
Yo, a nine ain't gonna stop the bum rush, holmes

Yo! Bum rush the show, yo! Bum rush the show
Yo! Bum rush the show, yo! Bum rush the show

Cold bum rushin' doors like at first it's something
All we realize that the show ain't nothin'
For the stunts and the blunts, whole world inside
The reason that the mighty used force supplied
No comp', we'll stomp all in our way
Gave me static, so I don't pay
It might be a trick that you don't like
Comin' in the side door then I'm grabbin' the mic
Walkin' and talkin', fistful in the air
It might seem like that we don't care
A ho for an oh, a pow for an ow
Girls start screamin', all I say is wow
Get that sucker who shot that gun
Whip his monkey ass til it ain't no fun
5-O showed and wouldn't you know
They blamed it on the kid 'cause all I said was
Yo! Bum rush the show, yo! Bum rush the show
Yo! Bum rush the show, yo! Bum rush the show

Yeah man, yo, I was at the park last night, ya know what I'm sayin'?
Gold clocks for mega dollars, man an' these brothers, man
Walked up to me talkin' about they was gonna stick me up
Man, yo, man, let me tell you somethin', man
These are the same brothers, man, that tried to
Stick up , ya know what I'm sayin'?
But yo, I got a posse, man that wouldn't let them
Bum rush my operation, ya know what I'm sayin'?1Embed