That Girl Lyrics
Hi, how ya'll feeling tonight?
Thank ya'll for coming out to the the Y's Underground Club
Our first act up
All the way from Memphis, Tennessee
Show him some Southern love, JT and the Tennessee kids
Come on! Give it up

Thank you for having us out tonight
We're JT and the Tennessee Kids
One, two, three!
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah
Didn't have to run, I knew it was love from a mile away
But I had to catch you, running through my mind all day baby
They all say I'm crazy, 'cause anybody even when your father say
That I can't be with you, I don't hear a word they say

'Cause I'm in love with that girl, so don't be mad at me
'Cause I'm in love with that girl, so don't be mad at me
So what? You're from the other side of the tracks
So what? The world don't think we match
I'll put it down like my love's on wax
Guess what? I'm in love with that girl
And she told me, that she's in love with me

Now we didn't have to fall, but we fell in love to the bottom, babe
No one's there to catch us, like when you fell from Heaven that day, baby
People always staring, but I don't care nothing about it, babe
Since I saw your face, I've been staring just the same

I'm in love with that girl, so don't be mad at me
I'm in love with that girl, so don't be mad at me
So what? You're from the other side of the tracks
So what? The world don't think we match
I'll put it down like my love's on wax, guess what
I'm in love with that girl
And she told me, that she's in love with me
You might also like
My pretty lady
You'll always be my baby, baby, baby
It's so amazing
How you became my baby, baby, baby
My little daisy
Come here, let me rock you like a baby, baby, baby
Pretty lady
Don't you know, you'll always be my baby, baby, baby
Now don't it seem like these days
That everybody's got something to say
But I don't pay attention to the talk, baby
And I don't really care if they stop and stare
'Cause they see my number one
My number one girl

I told you I'm in love with that girl, so don't be mad at me
I'm in love with that girl, so don't be mad at me
I don't care
So what? You're from the other side of the tracks
So what? The world don't think we match
I'll put it down like my love's on wax, guess what
I'm in love with that girl
And she already told me that she's in love with me
I'm in love, yes, I'm in love with that girl
I don't care what people say, people say
Cause I'm in love with that girl16Embed