Louder than a Bomb Lyrics
They claim we're products from the bottom of hell
'Cause the black is back, and it's bound to sell
Picture us cooling out on the Fourth of July
And if you heard we were celebrating, that's a worldwide lie
Yo, Chuck, the fat generals, man, trying to pull a 226 on you, G! Yo, man, show 'em what you got!

This style seems wild
Wait before you treat me like a stepchild
Let me tell you why they got me on file
'Cause I give you what you lack, come right and exact
Our status is the saddest, so I care where you at, black
And at home I got a call from Tony Rome
The FBI was tappin' my telephone
I never live alone, I never walk alone
My posse's always ready, and they're waitin' in my zone
Although I live the life that of a resident
But I be knowin' the scheme that of the president
Tappin' my phone whose crews abused
I stand accused of doing harm, 'cause I'm louder than a bomb
Come on, come on (Louder!)
Come on, come on (Louder!)
Come on, come on (Louder!)

I am a rock-hard trooper to the bone, the bone, the bone
Full grown, consider me - stone
Once again and I say it for you to know
The troop is always ready, I yell, "Geronimo!"
Your CIA, you see, I ain't kiddin'
Both King and X, they got rid of both
A story untold, true but unknown
Professor Griff knows, "Yo, I ain't milquetoast!"
And not the braggin' or boastin' and plus it ain't no secret
Why they're tappin' my phone, although I can't keep it a secret
So I decided to kick it, yo
And, yes, it weighs a ton, I say it once again
I'm called the enemy, I'll never be a friend
Of those with closed minds, don't know I'm rapid
The way that I rap it Is makin' 'em tap it, yeah
Never servin' 'em well, cause I'm an un-Tom
It's no secret at all 'cause I'm louder than a bomb

Come on, come on (Louder!)
Come on, come on (Louder!)
Come on, come on (Louder!) (Yeah!)
Come on, come on (Louder!)
Come on, come on (Louder!)
Come on, come on (Louder!)
(It's yours!)
You might also like
Cold holdin' the load, the burden breakin' the mold
I ain't lyin', denyin', because they're checkin' my code
Am I buggin' 'cause they're buggin' my phone - for information?
No tellin' who's sellin' out - power buildin' the nation so
Joinin' the set, the point-blank target
Every brothers inside, so least, not you forget, no
Takin' the blame is not a waste, here taste
A bit of the song so you can never be wrong
Just a bit of advice, 'cause we be payin' the price
'Cause every brother man's life is like swingin' the dice, right?
Here it is, once again this is the brother to brother
The Terminator, the cutter
Goin' on an' on - leave alone the grown
Get it straight in '88, an' I'll troop it to demonstrate
The posse always ready - 98 at 98
My posse come quick, because my posse got velocity
Tappin' my phone, never leave me alone
I'm even lethal when I'm unarmed
'Cause I'm louder than a bomb

Come on, come on (Louder!)
Come on, come on (Louder!)
Come on, come on (Louder!) (Yeah!)
Come on, come on (Louder!)
Come on, come on (Louder!)
Come on, come on (Louder!)
(Right)
'Cause the D is for dangerous, you can come and get some of this
I teach and speak, so when it's spoke, it's no joke
The voice of choice, the place shakes with bass
(Called one for the treble) The rhythm is the rebel
Here's a funky rhyme that they're tappin' on
Just thinkin' I'm breakin' the beats I'm rappin' on
CIA, FBI, all they tell us is lies
And when I say it, they get alarmed
'Cause I'm louder than a bomb3Embed