Give It Up Lyrics
Aight (Aight), aight (Aight)
Aight (Aight), aight (Aight)
I'm aight if you aight (I'm aight)
I be better - get some of that bass
(Word, give it up aight)
You know what I'm sayin'? Yeah
Booty quaking, body shaking
'Nough attacking brain's a-racking
Clock tocking Chuck rocking
Flavor Flav ain't never shaving
(One, two, three. four, hit it!)
It's another record, check it, mad method
To put my brothers and sisters on a deathbed
You know he cheated, took what he wanted, but now you blunted
Suckin' up to the devil, steppin' down a level
It's who they fear is you
Who protects us from us and you from you
Yes and it counts, fuck the forty ounce
I sued them bastards, yeah they got bounced
I did 'em like a demo (Threw 'em out the window!)
I took a 98 'cause I never liked a limo
But pump, pump, pump, pu-pump, pump it up
A mad rhyme for mad times, that's what's up
Some ain't gonna change, I got 'em in a range
I gotta rearrange, so I'm buildin' back ya brain
Wreckin' records with funky stuff
Am I loud enough? (Yeah!) You got to give it up

Give it up, give it up, give it up, yo
Give it up, give it up, gotta give it up
Give it up, give it up, give it up, now (Yeah)
Give it up, give it up, gotta give it up (You've gots to give it up, now)
Give it up, give it up, give it up, yo
Give it up, give it up, gotta give it up
Give it up, give it up, give it up, now
Give it up, give it up, gotta give it up
You might also like
Come again with the same old bounce
I'm callin' a foul and once again it counts
Mad tense, mad tense, brothers know
The blunts in the back got the black behind and that's whack
And once again, it's on
Hey Jimmy cracked corn cracker singin', "I don't care," it's on
I'm comin' with a rhyme (What?), I'm lettin' go a rhyme (Yeah!)
I gotta get a rhyme through the rough and crazy times
Call me a Hannibal lecture, yes I checked her
They don't hear me though, so here I go
I'm sick and tired, so Sly'll take ya higher
While I'm taking his sound to bring you down
Rappers rippin' a lyrical kickin', finger-lickin'
But to the rhythm, I'm givin', but never cotton pickin'
Like James Brown, I'm sayin' it loud
Am I loud enough? Huh, you got to give it up

Some ain't gonna change, some ain't gonna change
Some ain't gonna never ever change (Louder!)
Some ain't gonna change, some ain't gonna change
Some ain't gonna never ever change

Give it up, give it up, give it up, yo
Give it up, give it up, gotta give it up
Give it up, give it up, give it up, now
Give it up, give it up, gotta give it up
And when I'm comin', some numb, dumb, and fulla cum
Some second guessing my lessons about saving young
Some don't know, like Run said, so here we go (Yeah!)
Where it is inside, whoop there it is, there it is
There it is, damn right
My man X is a bad mother (Shut your mouth!)
I'm talking about Terminator, he's the man!
There it is, can you hit me off with another one?

Give it up, give it up, give it up, yo (Yeah)
Give it up, give it up, gotta give it up (Hey)
Give it up, give it up, give it up, now
Give it up, give it up, gotta give it up
Give it up, give it up, give it up, yo
Give it up, give it up, gotta give it up (C'mon!)
Give it up, give it up, give it up, now
Give it up, give it up, gotta give it up

I never did represent doing dumb shit
No gangsta lyin', I'd rather diss Presidents
Dead or alive, bring 'em and I'll swing 'em
I vocalize, I just rap, I don't sing 'em
Flick 'em and I fling 'em, you can go with 'em
Hall of Fame for the game for the points, I Dave Bing 'em
Go Grandmama, close but no cigar
I got mine, for I'm using my rhyme
The flow go wherever I want, and that's clever
Give a piece of my time, to prevent some crime
And who's behind putting the guns to the young ones?
The ones that make 'em is the ones that take 'em
Rugged for no reason, down in duck season
I don't want my mama, on the street wearing armor
So check yourself before ya wreck yourself
Respect yourself, ha, you gotta give it up

Give it up, give it up, give it up, yo (Yeah!)
Give it up, give it up, gotta give it up
Give it up, give it up, give it up, now
Give it up, give it up, gotta give it up1Embed