Love Game Lyrics

Something's burnin', I can't figure out what *sniffs* (Out what)
It's either lust or a cloud of dust
Judgement is clouded; must
Just be the powder from the power of (Love!)
But I'm in something I don't know how to get out of
Left my girl in the house alone (Ah!)
Is that my soon-to-be-spouse’s moan?
And the further I walk, the louder (Ah, ah!)
Pause for a minute to make certain that's what I heard
‘Cause after all, this is her place
So I give her the benefit of the doubt, I
Think I might be about to bust her, bust her (Ah!)
The thought's scary, yo, though and it hurts—brace!
Hope it ain't, "Here we go, yo!"
‘Cause my head already goes to worst-case
Scenario, though in the first place (Ah, fuck)
But you confirmed my low-end theory though (Ah!)
Should've known when I made it all the way to third base
And that was only the first date
Could've made it to home plate (Oh!)
But you slid straight for the dome and dove face first
"No, (*slurp*) you don't (*slurp*) under— (*slurp*) —stand, (*slurp*)
I (*slurp*) don't (*slurp*) do this for (*hic*) anyone, (*hic*) ever (*slurp*)"
Yeah, that ain't what they all say?
I'll say, you can suck a softball through a straw
Used to be my fiancé
'Til you sucked on Wayne, André, and Kanye
LeBron, Akon, JAY, Lil Jon, Raekwon, Ma$e
Polow da Don, Dre, Dante Ross, James Conway, Kwamé?!
Guess I'm gettin' my g-goddang Jigga on, eh?
'Cause your name, I'm beyond sayin' (Ha)
But fuck it, I'm movin' on, you women are all cray
But I'll probably always keep on playin' the—
Game of love, love, love, love
La-La-La-La-La love

She doesn't love me, no, she don't love me no more
She hates my company, guess she don't love me no more
I tried to get her up out of my head, left my bags at the door
She screamed she loved me like she never did before

And I told her, "Go where you wanna!
Go do whatcha wanna do, I don't care!"
And I told her, "Go where you wanna!
Go do whatcha wanna do, I don't care!"

I told that bitch, "I'm a sucker for love, you a sucker for dick"
Suckin' dick in your mama tub, then your granny walked in
Told the stupid nigga to duck under the water
He drowned, like an abortion
They booked you for manslaughter
You beat the case and I called ya
"Sherane is not available now, leave a message at the tone
And Kendrick, don't forget to buy two pair of those
Expensive heels, you little fuckin' Ferris wheel
Fuckin' spinnin' on me—fuck you think, we gon' get married still?
Fuckin' Mary had a little lamb, this ain't no fairy tale
Fairy godmama better tell you how I fuckin' feel
Like you should fuckin' beat it
Or fuckin' eat it while I'm on my period
Now have a blessed day!" (*Phone hangs up*) Bitch, you serious?
I'm in the mirror with this look on my face, curious
Why you ain't fuckin' with me? You cut me deep as Caesarean
You know I want you bad as a Benjamin, I'm delirious
I want you bad as the head shattered on George Zimmerman
After the Dillinger hit him diligently and killin' him
His mouthpiece for a Cadillac emblem
That's analogy and metaphor for you
I should win a medal for all the ways I adore you
This is me talkin' cordial, yeah, I got some home training
That ain't what you like, ain't it?
What about if I was as famous as Marshall?
Would you give fellatio in the carpool?
Cops pull us over, they just wanna know if you gargle
Singin', "I hope she's good enough
Meanwhile you're chasin' her"
Chlamydia couldn't even get rid of her
Pity the fool and pity the fool in me, I'ma live with her
You might also like
Game of love, love, love, love
La-La-La-La-La love

She doesn't love me, no, she don't love me no more
She hates my company, guess she don't love me no more
I tried to get her up out of my head, left my bags at the door
She screamed she loved me like she never did before

And I told her, "Go where you wanna!
Go do whatcha wanna do, I don't care!"
And I told her, "Go where you wanna!
Go do whatcha wanna do, I don't care!"

So needless to say I'm feelin' betrayed
Snatch my house key off her key chain
She jumps off Wee-Bey from The Wire's dick
Now she's chasin' me with a cheese grater
Here goes that broken record cliché
It's all my fault anyway, she's turnin' the tables, I'm a beat-break
She treats my face like Serato, she cuts and scratches like a DJ
Each day is an Instant Replay
They say what we display is symptomatic of addict behaviour
Back together, but forgot today was her B-day
She cut me off on the freeway
Simple misunderstanding, but just as I went to slam on the brakes
That's when I realized that she may be crazy as me, wait
Bitch cut my fuckin' brakeline
Stepped on them fuckers eight times
Still goin' seventy-three, thank God there's an exit comin' up
What the mother-F-U-C-K's wrong with her?
Hit the off ramp 'til I coasted to a goshdamn halt
Hit a fuckin' tree, now here she comes at full speed
She's racin' at me, okay, you wanna fuck with me, eh?
Snatch that bitch out her car through the window
She screamin', I body slam her on the cement
Until the concrete gave and created a sinkhole
Buried the stink ho in it, then paid to have the street repaved
(The fuck?) Woke up in a dream state
In a cold sweat like I got hit with a freeze ray during a heat wave
Guess I eventually caved though, 'cause she's layin' next to me in bed—directly aimin' a gat at my head!
Woke up again and jumped up
Like, "Fuck it! I've had it, I'm checkin' into rehab"
I confess I'm a static addict, I guess that's why I'm so clingy
Every girl I've ever had either says I got too much baggage
Or I'm too fuckin' dramatic
Man, what the fuck is the matter? I'm just a fuckin' romantic
I fuckin' love you, you fuckin' bitch!
Combative, possessive, in fact last time I was mad at an ex
I actually set off a chain reaction of tragic events
I said, "Hit the road", then after she left
I sent that bitch a text that said, "Be careful driving
Don't read this and have an accident"
She glanced to look at it and wrecked (*Car crashes*)
Too bad, thought we had a connect
No sense dwelling makes, never been a more compelling case
Than the model covered in L'Oréal and mace
Who fell from grace eleven stories for storytellin'
While the whore was yellin', "Rape!"
'Til her vocal cords were swellin'
And her voice were more hoarser than Tori Spellings' face
Still they swarm the gates of my fancy estates
To greet Norman Bates with a warm embrace
'Less you're Andrea Yates, don't ask me for a date though
Don't be late, well, the sentiment's great
But wait, think there's been a mistake
You wanted an intimate date, I wanna intimidate
I have infinite hate in my blood
It's mainly 'cause of the game of— (*Message sound*)
Wait, "dinner at eight"? I have infinite hate in my blood
It's mainly 'cause of the—
Game of love, love, love, love
La-La-La-La-La love258Embed