Evil Twin Lyrics
Yeah
Tryna figure out the difference
But I think—think the lines are starting to get blurred

I'm in a strange place
I feel like Ma$e when he gave up the game for his faith
I feel like I'm caged in these chains and restraints
Grimmin' every stranger in the place while I gaze into space
‘Cause I'm mentally rearrangin' his face
I need a change of pace
‘Cause the pace I'm workin' at's dangerous
There's nowhere to dump this anger, and thanks to this angst
I done quit chicken heads cold turkey
And started slowly roastin' 'em
‘Cause that's where most of my anger is based
Fuck your feelings
I feel like I play for the Saints
I just wanna hurt you—aim for the skanks
Then aim for all these fake Kanyes, Jays, Waynes, and the Drakes
I'm frustrated ‘cause ain't no more N'Sync, now I'm all out of whack
I'm all out of Backstreet Boys to call out and attack
I'm goin' all out in this rap shit and whatever the fallout is, I'm strapped for battle
Suck a duck, crawl out the back—it's a bar fight
Prepare your arsenal
And beware of bar stools flyin' through the air and bottles breakin', mirrors also
And I ain't stoppin' 'til the swear jar's full
"You done called every woman a slut but you're forgetting Sarah, Marshall" (Palin)
Oh, my bad, slut! And next time I show up to court
I'll be naked and just wear a law suit
Judge be like, "That's sharp
How much that motherfucker cost you, smart-ass?
You're lucky I don't tear it off you
And jump your bones, you sexy motherfucker!
You're so fuckin' gravy, Marshall, I should start callin' you 'au jus'
‘Cause all's you do is spit them lyrics out the wazoo"
Evil Twin, take this beat now, it's all you
I believe people can change but only for the worse
I coulda changed the world if it wasn't for this verse—so satanic
K-Mart chains panic ‘cause they can't even spin back the curse words
‘Cause they're worse when they're reversed, motherfucker
Rekcufrehtom! (Rape your mother)— Tihs! (Kill your parents)
And these kids are like parrots
They run around the house just like terrorists
Screamin', "Fuck! Shit! Fuck!"
Adult with a childish-like arrogance
Wild ever since the day I came out, I was like, "Merits?
Fuck that! I'd rather be loud, and I like swearin'"
From the first album even the gals were like, "Tight lyrics, dreamy eyes!"
But my fuckin' mouth was nightmarish
And from the start of it you felt like you were part of this and opposition felt the opposite
Sometimes I listen and revisit them old albums often as I can and skim through all them bitches to make sure I keep up with my competition (Haha)
Hogger of beats, hoarder of rhymes
Borderline genius who's bored of his lines
And that sort of defines where I'm at and the way I feel now
Feel like I might just strike first, then ignore the replies
There's darkness closing in (Evil twin), there it goes again (My evil twin)
It controls my pen (My evil twin), but that ain't me, it's my evil twin
(Then I step out and see my evil twin, he gives me an evil grin)
But he's just a friend (Evil twin) who pops up now and again (Evil twin)
So don't blame me (Evil twin), blame him, it's my evil twin
(Then I step out and see my evil twin, he gives me an evil grin)

Welcome back to the land of the living, my friend
You have slept for quite some time

So who's left? Lady Gaga? Mess with the Bieber?
Nah, F with Christina
I ain't fuckin' with either Jessica neither: Simpson or Alba
My album's just sicker than strep with the fever
Get the Chloraseptic, Excedrin, Aleve, or
Extra Strength Tylenol 3s
Feel like I'm burnin' to death, but I'm freezin'
Bedridden and destined never to leave the
Bedroom ever again, like the legend of Heath-uh-
Ledger
My suicide note's barely legible; read the
Bottom, it's signed by the Joker
Lorena said I never can leave her
She'll sever my wiener I ever deceive her
Fuck that shit, bitch! Give up my dick for pussy?
I'll be Jerry Mathers I ever left it to Beaver
Get them titties cut off tryna mess with a cleaver
Golly wolly, I vent, heat register, Jesus
Ever since 19946 Dresden it was definitely in my destiny
When on the steps, I met DeShaun at Osborn
I'd never make it to sophomore
I just wanted to skip school and rap
Used to mop floors, flip burgers, and wash dishes
While I wrote rhymes, tryna get props for 'em
‘Cause I took book smarts and swapped for 'em
They were sleepin', I made 'em stop snorin'
Made 'em break out the popcorn
Now I've been hip hop in its tip-top form
Since N.W.A was blarin' through my car windows
Leanin' on the horn, screamin', "Fuck the police," like cop porn
Flipped rap on its ear like I dropped corn
Fuck top five, bitch, I'm top four
And that includes Biggie and Pac, whore
And I got an evil twin
So who the fuck you think that third and that fourth spot's for?
And crazy as I am, I'm much tamer than him, and I'm nuts
Then again, who the fuck wants a plain Eminem?
But no one's insaner than Slim, look at that (Evil grin)
(Evil twin) please come in; what was your name again?
Hi! Faggot
Look who's back with a crab up his ass like a lobster crawled up there
Two rabbits, a koala bear, and a ball of hair
And you're all aware I don't got it all upstairs
Guess that's why I'm an addict and it's so small up there
Peace to Whitney
Jeez, just hit me
That I should call the Looney Police to come get me
‘Cause I'm so sick of bein' the truth
I wish someone'd finally admit me
To a mental hospital with Britney
Oh, LMFAO, no way, Jo-
-se Baez couldn't beat this rap—O.J., no
Hooray, I'm off the hook like Casey Anthony, hey ho (Hey ho!)
I sound like I'm tryna sing the fuckin' chorus to "Hip Hop Hooray"
No, I’m hollerin', you got bottom-end like an 8-0-8
And I (base) whether we're fuckin' off that instead of your face so
Let your low-end raise, yo
Tango, what you think, ho? Slow dancin' or bowling?
You tryin' to hold hands with your homie?
What, you think I'm lookin' for romance ‘cause I'm lonely?
Change that tune, you ain't got a remote chance to control me
Ho, I'm only vulnerable when I got a boner
Superman try to fuck me over, it won't hurt
Don't try to fix me, I'm broke, so I don't work
So are you, but you're broke ‘cause you don't work
But all bullshit aside, I hit a stride
Still Shady inside, hair every bit as dyed
As it used to be when I first introduced y'all to my skittish side
And blamed it on him when they tried to criticize
‘Cause we are the same
BitchYou might also like194Embed