Winter Wonderland LyricsOver the ground lies a mantle of white
A heaven of diamonds shines out through the night
Two hearts a-thrilling in spite of the chilling weather
Love knows no season, love knows no clime
Romance can blossom any old time
Here in the open, we're walking and hoping together

Sleigh bells ring, are you listening?
In the lane, snow is glistening
A beautiful sight we're having tonight
Walking in a winter wonderland
Gone away is the bluebird
Here to stay is the new bird
He sings a love song as we go along
Walking in a winter wonderland
In the meadow, we can build a snowman
Then pretend that he is Parson Brown
He'll say "Are you married?"  We'll say, "No, ma'am
But you can do the job when you're in town."

Later on, we'll conspire as we dream by the fire
To face unafraid the plans that we made
Walking in a winter wonderland

Scoo, dee, uh, dee, doo, dee, duh
Da, doo, da, doo, da.  Da, doo, da, doo, da, yeah
Oh yeah
Walking in a winter wonderland

In the meadow, we can build a snowman
Then pretend that he's a circus clown
We'll have lots of fun with Mr. Snowman
Until the other kiddies come around

When it snows, ain't it thrilling
Though your nose gets a chilling
We'll frolic and play the Eskimo way
Walking in a winter wonderland

(Walking in a winter wonderland.) Let those sleigh bells ring
(Walking in a winter wonderland.) Tell it like it is
(Walking in a winter wonderland.)
We're slipping and sliding out here, here we go
(Walking in a winter wonderland.) In the cold, cold snow
Yeah, yeah.  (Walking in a winter wonderland.)
It's wintertime, it's wintertime, yeah
(Walking in a winter wonderland.) Won't you come down with me
(Walking in a winter wonderland.) Slipping and sliding
Slipping and sliding, slipping and sliding, slipping and sliding
(Walking in a winter wonderland.) slipping and sliding, slipping and sliding
Would you go?  Would you go?
(Walking in a winter wonderland.) Would you go?  Would you go?
Would you go?  Would you go?  Would you go?  Would you go?
Would you go?  Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
(Walking in a winter wonderland.) Come on down, come on down
(Walking in a winter wonderland.) come on, down, come on down, come on down, come on down
(Walking in a winter wonderland.) come on down, down, down, down, down, down, downYou might also likeEmbed