TranslationsEspañolEnglishThe Genesis Lyrics
Street's disciple, my raps are trifle
I shoot slugs from my brain just like a rifle
Stampede the stage, I leave the microphone split
Play Mr. Tuffy while I'm on some Pretty Tone shit
Verbal assassin, my architect pleases
When I was 12, I went to…
And you're sitting at home doing this shit
I should be earning a medal for this
Stop fuckin' around and be a man
There ain't nothin' out here for you
Oh yes, there is… This
Yo, Nas, yo, what the fuck is this bullshit on the radio, son?
Chill, chill! That's the shit, God, chill

Ayo, yo, pull down the shade, man
Let's count this money, nigga
Ayo, Nas, put the Jacksons and the Grants over there!
You know what I'm sayin'?
‘Cause we spendin' the Jacksons
You know how we get down, baby

True, true

Nas, yo, Nas, man
Shit is mad real right now in the projects
For a nigga, yo, word to mother
All them crab-ass rappers be comin' up to me
Man, word to mother, man
I think we need to let them niggas know it's real, man
You might also like
True indeed, knamsayin'?
But when it's real you doin' this
Even without a record contract, knamsayin'?

No question

Been doing this since back then

I'm sayin' regardless how it go down we gon' keep it real
We tryin' to see many mansions and Coupes, kid

No doubt, we gon' keep it real, true, true

Ayo, where's Grand Wizard and Mayo at, man?
Takin' niggas a long time, man

Who got the Phillies? Take this Hennessy

Ayo, dunn
C'mon, c'mon, man, stop wavin' that, man!
Stop pointin' that at me, dunn, take the clip out!
Nigga, alright, but take this Hennessy, man!

I'm sayin' take the clip, man, c'mon, take it out!

Light them Phillies up, man!
Niggas stop fuckin' burnin' Phillies, man
Light some Phillies up then!

Pass that henrock, pass that henrock!
Nigga, act like you know!

Yo, we drinkin' this straight up with no chaser
I ain't fuckin' with you, nigga

I'm saying though, man

What is it, what is it, baby?

What is it, son, what is it?

You know what time it is

I'm saying, man, you know what I'm saying?
Niggas don't listen, man
Representin', it's Illmatic39Embed