Who I Am Lyrics
Uh-huh, Santana
I like that man, that bad-da-ba-ba, that's hot
I like that, yeah who are you? Santana
Shit is crazy man
Y'all think niggas don't cry? We do
Yeah, man I gotta get my thoughts together, I be thinking a lot
Light up a blunt, think of a rhyme sometimes too
But it's like yo... zone out, yo

The time is now, my grind is here shit
My body is focused, my mind's in gear, let's start it
I'm moving at an unstoppable pace
I managed to reach the top of the race
Before it started damn, cold-hearted man
Rip apart your man, for that green dollar
Plain reppin' my target, stay and holla
Shoot and move from where ever my targets land
Damn, shit, I see ghosts when I sleep
It's really, I got to wake up, just to know I was sleep
Holding the heat, cold sweat all over my sheet
That's why I paint the most vividest pictures
For my niggas my bitches in the same position I live in
No oil and hot water, just boiling hot water
Cooking coke, to the oil and hot water, shit
But who am I, man?
Who am I? Who am I?
That think a man should never never never cry
Who am I? Who am I?
That think a man should never never never cry

Yo, I lived the life of a loner, with a righteous persona
But still sold crack right on the corner
My life consist of, a big puzzle that's mixed up
Big bucks, big drugs, if I get caught, then it's big cuffs
Big bailor gets up, I get out, shit what, this shit sucks
I need to find another road to follow
One that's new and strong, not old and hollow, oh!
As I hold this bottle and smoke this reefer
Listening to some old Aaliyah, I say, damn...
(Damn man, shit is crazy man, woooh!)
And a tear comes trimbling down
Never seen a man cry, well you witness it now
Shit, this isn't game from the heart, this pain from the heart
This for you Dame, it came from the heart, so

Who am I? Who am I?
That think a man should never never never cry
Who am I? Who am I?
That think a man should never never never cry
You might also like
Momma, I just want you to know
I'm in love with you so
If you wasn't here I'd be in love with you soul
My angel, mommy I'd die faithful
Just knowing somone tried to violate you
I'll slide 8ths through the side of their facial
Squeeze and rip apart a side of their facial
I'd take a slug, eat a bullet, I'd swallow the gun
Shit, you gotta know I'm your son
Damn, this type of love, could only come from a son
Hold up mommy, I'm twisted I'm drunk...listen

C'mon man, listen to me, damn
(Damn!) I'm talking to you
Once again man, once again, I love you

Yeah, but it's more than the liquor and weed
Yeah it's more than the liquor in me
Shit, I gotta get it together
I was falling off, with drunk words and sober thoughts
So, I'm still speaking the truth
And what I'm still speaking is truth
This is your youngest son speaking to you, mommy
Who am I? Who am I?
That think a man should never never never cry
Who am I? Who am I?
That think a man should never never never cry2Embed