Like I Love You Lyrics
Just somethin' about you
Way I'm lookin' at you, whatever
Keep lookin' at me
Gettin' scared now, right?
Don't fail me, baby
It's just Justin
You feel good, right?
Listen

I kinda noticed somethin' wasn't right
From your colorful face
It's kinda weird to me since you're so fine
If it's up to me, your face will change
If you smile, then that should set the tone
Just be limber
And if you let go, the music should move your bones
Just remember
Sing a song with me

Can't nobody love you like I love you
You're a good girl and that's what makes me trust ya (Hey!)
Late at night, I talk to you
You will know the difference when I touch you

See, people are so phony
Nosy 'cause they're lonely
Aren't you sick of the same thing? (Thing, thing)
They say so and so was datin'
Love you or they're hatin'
When it doesn't matter anyway
'Cause we're here tonight

If you smile, then that should set the tone
Just be limber, baby
And if you let go, the music should move your bones
Baby, just remember
Sing a song with me
You might also like
Can't nobody love you like I love you
You're a good girl and that's what makes me trust ya (Hey)
Late at night, I talk to you
You will know the difference when I touch you

Yeah, you know I can make you happy
I could change your life
If you give me that chance to be your man
I won't let you down, baby
If you give me that chance to be your man
Here, baby, put on my jacket
And then

Maybe we'll fly the night away (I just wanna love you, baby)
Girl (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Maybe we'll fly the night away (I just wanna love you, baby)
Girl (Ooh)

Ma, whatchu wanna do? I'm in front of you
Grab a friend, see? I can have fun with two
Or me and you put on a stage show
In the mall, kids ask, "How'd the chain glow?"
Point to her, they say, "Wow, it's the same glow"
Point to me, I say, "Yeah, it's the same dough"
We the same type, you my a-like (Yeah)
You have me sleepin' in the same bed every night
Go ride with me, you deservin' the best
Take a few shots, let it burn in your chest
We could ride down, pumpin' N.E.R.D. in the deck
Funny how a few words turn into sex
Play number three, joint called "Brain" (I just love your, brain)
Ma, took a hint, make me swerve in the lane
The name Malicious and I burn every track
Clipse and J. Timberlake, now how heavy is that?
Maybe we'll fly the night away (I just wanna love you, baby)
Girl (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Maybe we'll fly the night away (I just wanna love you, baby)
Girl
Ho

Can't nobody love you like I love you (Can't love you like I do)
You're a good girl and that's what makes me trust you (Makes me trust you like I do) (Hey!)
Late at night, I talk to you (Hey)
You will know the difference when I—
Break it down

You know, I used to dream about this when I was a little boy
I never thought it would end up this way, drums (Hey)
It's kind of special, right? Yeah
You know, you think about it
Sometimes, people just destined
Destined to do what they do
And that's what it is
Now, everybody dance12Embed