Run This Town Lyrics

Feel it comin' in the air (Yeah)
Hear the screams from everywhere (Yeah)
I'm addicted to the thrill (I'm ready)
It's a dangerous love affair (What's up? Come on)
Can't be scared when it goes down
Got a problem, tell me now (What's up?)
Only thing that's on my mind (What's up?)
Is who's gon' run this town tonight (Ah, what's up?)
Is who's gon' run this town tonight (Yeah, what's up? Yeah)
We gon' run this town
We are, yeah, I said it: we are
This is Roc Nation, pledge your allegiance
Get your fatigues on, all black everything
Black cards, black cars, all black everything
And our girls are blackbirds ridin' with they Dillingers
I get more in depth if you boys really real enough
This is la Familia, I'll explain later
But for now, let me get back to this paper
I'm a couple bands down and I'm tryin' to get back
I gave Doug a grip and lost a flip for five stacks
Yeah, I'm talkin' 5 comma, 6 zeros, dot zero, here Doug
Back to runnin' circles round niggas, now we squared up
Hold up

Life's a game, but it's not fair (Yeah)
I break the rules, so I don't care (Uh-huh)
So I keep doin' my own thang
Walkin' tall against the rain (What's up?)
Victory's within the mile
Almost there, don't give up now (What's up?)
Only thing that's on my mind (What's up?)
Is who's gon' run this town tonight (Uh, yeah)
Hey, hey, hey, hey (What's up?)
Who's gon' run this town tonight?
You might also like
We are, yeah, I said it: we are
You can call me Caesar, in a dark Caesar
Please follow the leader, so Eric B we are
Microphone fiend, this the return of the god
Peace, God, ah ah, it ain't no nobody fresher
I'm in Maison, ah, Martin Margiela
On the table, screamin', "Fuck the other side! They're jealous!"
We got a banquette full of broads, they got a table full of fellas
Yeah, and they ain't spendin' no cake
They should throw their hand in 'cause they ain't got no spades
Yeah, my whole team got dough
So my banquette is lookin' like Millionaires' Row

Life's a game, but it's not fair
I break the rules, so I don't care
So I keep doin' my own thang
Walkin' tall against the rain
Victory's within the mile
Almost there, don’t give up now
Only thing that's on my mind
Is who's gon' run this town tonight
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Who's gon' run this town tonight?
It's crazy how you can go from bein' Joe Blow
To everybody on your dick; no homo
I bought my whole family whips; no Volvos
Next time I’m in church: please, no photos
Police escorts, everybody passports
This the life that everybody ask for
This the fast life, we are on a crash course
What you think I rap for, to push a fuckin' Rav 4?
But I know that if I stay stunting
All these girls only gon' want one thing
I can spend my whole life Good Will Hunting
Only good gon' come is this good when I'm cumming
She got a ass that'll swallow up a G-string
And up top, ungh, two bee stings
And I'm beasting off the Riesling
And my nigga just made it out the precinct
We give a damn about the drama that your dude bring
I'm just tryin' to change the color on your mood ring
Reebok, baby, you need to try some new things
Have you ever had shoes without shoe strings?
"What's that, Ye?" "Baby, these heels"
"Is that a May— what?!" "Baby, these wheels"
You trippin' when you ain't sippin', have a refill
You feelin' like you runnin', huh? Now you know how we feel (What’s up?)

Hey, hey (Yeah, yeah)
Hey, hey (What’s up?)
Hey, hey
Hey, we gon' run this town tonight
What’s up?86Embed