Gallows Pole Lyrics
Hangman, hangman, hold it a little while
I think I see my friends coming, riding many a mile
Friends, you get some silver?
Did you get a little gold?
What did you bring me, my dear friends
To keep me from the gallows pole?
What did you bring me to keep me from the gallows pole?
I couldn't get no silver, I couldn't get no gold
You know that we're too damn poor to keep you from the gallows pole
Hangman, hangman, hold it a little while
I think I see my brother coming, riding many a mile
Brother, you get me some silver?
Did you get a little gold?
What did you bring me, my brother, to keep me from the gallows pole?
Brother, I brought you some silver, yeah
I brought a little gold, I brought a little of everything
To keep you from the gallows pole
Yes, I brought you to keep you from the gallows pole

Hangman, hangman, turn your head awhile
I think I see my sister coming, riding many a mile, mile, mile
Sister, I implore you, take him by the hand
Take him to some shady bower
Save me from the wrath of this man
Please take him, save me from the wrath of this mad man
Hangman, hangman, upon your face a smile
Tell me that I'm free to ride
Ride for many a mile, mile, mile

Oh yes, you got a fine sister
She warmed my blood from cold
She warmed my blood to boiling hot
To keep you from the gallows pole, pole, pole, pole, yeah, yeah
Your brother brought me silver, and your sister warmed my soul
But now I laugh and pull so hard, see you swinging on the gallows pole, yeah
But now I laugh and pull so hard, see you swinging on the gallows pole, pole, pole
Swingin' on the gallows pole!
Swingin' on the gallows pole!
Swingin' on the gallows pole!
Swingin' on the gallows pole
Pole, pole, pole, pole, pole, pole, yeah
You might also like
Ah-ha-ha, ah-ha-ha, ah-ha-ha, ah-ha-ha, ah-ha-ha-ha, ah-ha-ha-ha, ah-ha-ha, ah-ha-ha
It was swingin', it was swingin', it was swingin'
Mamamamamamama, yeah
Ooh yeah, ooh yeah
Ah-ha-ha, ah-ha-ha, ah-ha-ha, ah-ha
Swingin' on the gallows, yeah
Swingin' on the gallows pole!
Swingin' on the gallows pole!
Swingin' on the, ah
I gotta swing!
See-saw marjory daw
I gotta swing!
See-saw, knock at my door
I gotta sing
Keep on singing, yeah
Keep it cooling, yeah
Keep it-
Aw yeah!7Embed