Rebel Without a Pause Lyrics
"Brothers and sisters! Brothers and sisters, I don't know what this world is coming to!"

Yes, the rhythm, the rebel
Without a pause, I'm lowering my level
The hard rhymer -- where you never been, I'm in
You want stylin'? You know it's time again
D, the enemy, tellin' you to hear it
They praised the music, this time they play the lyrics
Some say no to the album, The Show
Bum Rush, the sound -- I made a year ago
I guess you know, you guess I'm just a radical
Not on sabbatical, yes, to make it critical
The only party your body should be partyin' to
Panther power on the hour from the rebel to you
Ay yo, Chuck, man, I don't understand this, man!
Yo, you got to slow down, man, you losin' them!

Radio—suckers never play me
On the mix, they just okay me
Now, known and grown, when they're clocking my zone, it's known
Snaking and taking everything that a brother owns
Hard — my calling card
Recorded and ordered, supporter of Chesimard
Loud and proud, kicking live next, poet supreme
Loop a troop, bazooka, the scheme
(Flavor) A rebel in his own mind
Supporter of my rhyme
Designed to scatter a line of suckers who claim I do crime
They on my time ticket

Ay yo, Chuck, they think we takin' shorts!
Show 'em this is cold medina, man!
Come on, kick it!

Terminator X, Terminator X
Terminator X, Terminator
You might also like
Yo, Chuck, you gettin' 'em nervous
They can't handle this, they gonna break down!

From a rebel, it's final on black vinyl
Soul, rock and roll coming like a rhino
Tables turn, suckers burn to learn
They can't disable the power of my label
Def Jam, tells you who I am
The enemy's public, they really give a damn
Strong Island, where I got 'em whylin'
That's the reason they're claiming that I'm violent
Never silent, no dope, getting dumb — nope
Claiming where we get our rhythm from
Number one, we hit ya, and we give ya some
No gun, and still never on the run
You wanna be an S1 -- Griff will tell you when
And then you'll come again, you'll know what time it is
Impeach the president, pulling out my ray gun
Zap the next one, I could be your Shogun
(Suckers) don't last a minute
Soft and smooth, I ain't with it
(Hardcore) raw bone like a razor
I'm like a laser, I just won't graze ya
Old enough to raise ya, so this'll faze ya
Get it right, boy, maybe I will praise ya
Playing the role, I got soul too
Voice my opinion with volume
(Smooth) Not what I am
(Rough) 'Cause I'm a man
No matter what the name, we're all the same
Pieces in one big chess game
(Yeah!) The voice of power
Is in the house — go take a shower, boy
P.E. a group, a crew — not singular
We wear black Wranglers
We're rap stranglers, you can't angle us
I know you're listening
I caught you pissin' your pants
You're scared of dissing us
The crowd is missing us
We're on a mission y'all
Yo Chuck, yo! Yeah, man!
Yo, you got 'em runnin' scared!

Terminator X, Terminator X
Terminator X, Terminator

Attitude, when I'm on fire
Juice on the loose, electric wire
Simple and plain, give me the lane
I'll throw it down your throat like Barkley
You see my car keys, you'll never get these
They belong to the Nine-Eight posse
You want some more, son? You wanna get some?
Bum-rush the door of the store — pick up the album
You know the rhythm, the rhyme plus the beat is designed
So I can enter your mind, boys!
Bring the noise — my time
Step aside for the flex, Terminator X

Yeah, that's right
This jam is rated cold medina, boy
That's right, cold medina, that's right
We showin' up in E-F-F-E-C-T, also known as effect
You understand what I'm sayin'?

Yeah! Yeah, boy!
Bring that beat back
Bring that beat back one more time, Chuck
Y'all wanna hear that beat, right?
Bring that beat back
...14Embed