Bounce Lyrics	Hey Beavis, eh-heh-heh
Remember that time we partied with Run-D.M.C.?
	Yeah yeah, hehhehheh - I took a dump on their bus
Hehhehheh
	No dumbass that was Anthrax!  Eh-heh
I'm talkin about Run-D.M.C
	Oh yeah yeah heh yeah
That was fly - hehheh - we were illin
	Yeah.. eh-heh, huh-huh, eh-huh-huh..
	Me-heh-heh, me-heh-heh.. he-heh.. heh..
{*music cues flashback*}
{*knocking at the door*}
	Yo who dat?
	Uhh.. we're like, from Hollis and stuff, uh-huh-heh
Can we like, y'know, come in?
	Yeah yeah heh yeah - I'm from Hollis too
Ehheheh yeah eh
It's Christmas time in Hollis Queens!!
Hehhehheh yeah heh-ehheh
	Yo y'all don't like y'all from around the way
	Yeah man, we're like, from Hollis, uh-heh
	What street?
	Uhhhhhhhhhhhh..... uhhhh.. Hollis Street?  Huh-uh-huh
	Yo that's Hollis Avenue, what street?
	Uhhhh, like uhhhh...
	Yo man get out of here y'all ain't from around the way
Stop frontin {*Beavis and Butthead laughing*}
	Yo man save that man we ain't tryin to hear that
	Uhhhhhh.. uh-hehhuhheh, uhhhh..
I'm like, a full fledged member of the Hollis Crew
	Yeah yeah hehheh, I'm a full fledged MEMBER!
Ehehehhhehheheheh
	Aight, c'mon in yo, c'mon c'mon
	Aight yo c'mon that's cool
You might also like{*door opens to let them in, B+B laughing*}
	Heheh, hey Run, check this out, hehehheheh
My name is D.M.C., the all time great!!
I bust the most rhymes, in New York State!!
	Huhhuh, eh-hehuhuhuh
	Yo chill chill money
	Yeah, CHILL Beavis.. ehehhuhhuh, dumbass
	Hehe heheh yeah heheh
	So like uhh.. are you guys gonna like, kick it old school?
	Yeah yeah, heheh yeah, KICK IT! KICK IT! KICK IT!
	Yo we gettin ready to break fool money
	Uhhh.. can we have some money?  Uh-huhuhuhuhuh
	Yeah yeah eheh yeah!
It's hard to rock a rhyme!!  It's hard to rock a rhyme!!
	No no no
	Nah nah
	It's tricky, it's TRICKY to rock a rhyme
	Yeah, dumbass!
	Shut up Butt-head!  You can't rock a rhyme
	No but I can kick your ass
{*fight breaks out, Beavis yells "butthole" and "cut it out!"*}
	Aiyyo chill out for a minute and let's just do this
Cool out, cool out
	Word up man, calm down with all that riffraff man
	Don't be comin around here on all that old wild man
Just chill man
You in your corner and you in your corner man, just chill
Get up off that old wild man
	Beavis started it
	Oh yeah, eh-heheheh, heheheheh
	Yo Beavis, you're ruffing up my Walker Wear
	No way Butt-head, you're wrinkling my fresh gear!
Hehe hehehehe this is cool, heheheh
	Are you guys gonna like, "Slam," or like
"Get out your seat and Jump Around, a-Jump Around!"
	Yeah yeah, heh yeah like
Like, "Slam! SLAM! Duh-DUH-DUH, DUH-DUH-DUH, DUH-DUH-DUH!"
	Yo Beavis slow your roll man
	This ain't "Jump"
	This ain't "Slam"
	The name of this record is "Bounce"
..
"This is the way.. the way.. the way.." (8X)
"Everybody just BOUNCE!" -] cut by Jay (3X)

I open doors, take a pause, doin tours then I come again
Run'll be runnin up in the spot cause I be runnin
Dem seen dis, now DJ Run'll be comin
And gettin fiendish, my tracks are fat and in fact
It's not just a lean dish, your soup and salad not valid
I serve a mean dish.. mean dish..
I got my mic in my hand and my plan to come
The official DJ rapper name is DJ Run
All other sucker rappers boy you're just my son
All wet behind the ears I freeze I froze you're numb
PUMP PUMP!  I scream on you, you talk and talk
PUMP PUMP!  Run you round the track then walk it off
So, check for me take in a weapon and even steppin
To my foes even those of Joe's are always kept in
Seperate rows broken nose from blows ruin your rep
When I pounce, all my foes suppose, I swing the ep
And just BOUNCE!
"This is the way.. the way.. the way.." (8X)
"Everybody just BOUNCE!" -] cut by Jay (3X)

My name is D.M.C., the one you know
The all-time great, I'ma steal the show
I put the mic, inside my hand
And spread a funky rhythm all across the land
I blow your mind, the rhyme'll flow
I hit you with the rhythm and they give me dough
I'm one of a kind, I rock your mind
I'm stingy with the digits when I rock my rhyme
I bust a vein, inside my brain
I came with the name and I claim the fame
I'm hard to the core, wicked and raw
The rhymes break raw when I'm breakin your door
I kick a ill style cause I'm sticka-still wild
Take-a take-a chill now, cause I got to kill a foul
Foul-mouthed sucker knockin out all doubt
I'm takin suckers out, cause I make a sucker bounce!
"This is the way.. the way.. the way.." (8X)
"Everybody just BOUNCE!" -] cut by Jay (3X)
.. BOUNCE!

I got no time for the climb, I'm the kind to rhyme
There's no sign of my mind slippin off the line
And if you find there's a dime, I left behind
I come fast for my cash, I must rewind
Easy does it, Run'll do it, speakin fluid vocabulary
Vocal, we makin em come to it - then I have you very
Often, lost in, Run'll run a boss then
Confuse you lose you're all lost up in the sauce
Then I stir you sir you're all shakin cause I'm diesel
Drop hip-hop, and then POP goes the weasel
Comin and runnin and seekin daily for my kingdom
Takin my lyrics at first they hear it then they sing them
I take a sucker and do em, the heads I flew em
First I chew em, then I school em and sue em, and steppin to em
Is a daily operation I ruin, all those I'm doin
I pursue em, make em boo and come to, you and your crew
And just BOUNCE!
"This is the way.. the way.. the way.." (continue to fade)
"Everybody just BOUNCE!" -] cut by Jay (continue to fade)Embed