My Problem (Jealousy) Lyrics
I'm sorry... I mean it too...
Let me talk to you..
Knahmsayin'? Tell you what it was all about maybe

(Jealousy)
We was in love it had to be the (Jealousy)
That had me buggin' all for nuttin' (Jealousy, yeah)
Now I'm a loner 'cause of (Jealousy, yeah)
I'm sorry man, oh
Baby, all I wanted was a chance with you
Little love, little dance, romance with you
Shit, I had big plans for you
Swear to God I never meant to put my hands on you
That's not somethin' that a man'll do
That's not somethin' I had plans to do, I had plans to move
Take you with me, give you the Coupe
Give you the shoes, instead I was hearin' the news
You was out there buggin', fuckin'
Doin' your dirt when, I was in the studio workin'
Shit, I'm tryna make music that's perfect
Instead I gotta hear you out there foolin' and flirtin'
You and your friends got a bad reputation already
If I'm not mistaken already...uh
But I gotta 'pologize to your mother and father
Shoulda never put my hands on your daughter
But I ain't askin' you to drop no charges, shit
I did what I did, deserve the consequence
I can't see myself coppin' a plea
To one of these niggas who bleed the same as me
I'm a G, I will cock and squeeze
The same as he, take it to the same degree, please
So let's leave it alone, we don't need this at home
Especially all over some fuckin'
You might also like
(Jealousy, yeah) yeah, that's what it's about right?
(Jealousy, yeah) I never meant to touch you
(Jealousy, yeah)
Uh, it was the (Jealousy, yeah)
I was buggin', high (Jealousy, yeah)
Whoa (Jealousy, yeah)
God forgive me my... (Jealousy, yeah)
If I could take it back (Jealousy, yeah)
You know I would, yes I would, yes I would

Shit, now I don't know what made me.. lift my hand up
Swing it at you, I musta been crazy
Musta been high, twisted off hazy
Fuck am I doing? This is my baby
And now I'm feeling like Kane from Menace II Society
Know your brothers wanna come back and fire at me
Now I'm ridin' with my riders beside of me
Can't get caught slippin' so they ridin' beside of me
And Cam told me not to fuck with you
He told me you known, the blocks corrupted you
I told him nah, I had it locked, threw cuffs on you..
Plus I had lots of love for you.. huh
So I'm stickin' with my heart, that's my nigga to the heart
But I'm stickin' with my heart
Now look... I'm sittin' in the dark
Facin a charge, gotta go sit up in a court
All because, I was stupid and dumb
Shoulda never went through it with hun, shit
But to this day, I never knew this would come
I never thought that I would go through this with hun, no
The one I wanted to marry...wanted to carry my baby through life
Maybe this life... we can't be together
Can't see together, can't see each other
Don't need each other, won't be together, 'cause..
(Jealousy, yeah) uh huh
(Jealousy, yeah)
Damn (Jealousy, yeah), why did we have to go through this (Jealousy, yeah)
And its all because of this (Jealousy, yeah)
I admit I was (Jealousy, yeah)
(Jealousy, yeah)
Uh, you was playin' them games too (Jealousy, yeah)
Sayin' them names too...2Embed