Megalomania Lyrics

(I hide– I hide– I hide– I hide– I hide– I hide– I hide– I hide–)
I hide myself inside the shadows of shame
The silent symphonies were playing their game
My body echoed to the dreams of my soul
It started something that I could not control
Where can I run to now, the joke is on me
No sympathizing God, it’s insanity, yeah
Why don't you just get out of my life, yeah?
Why don't you just get out of my life, now?
Why doesn't everybody leave me alone, now?
Why doesn't everybody leave me alone, yeah?

(Obsessed– obsessed– obsessed– obsessed– obsessed– obsessed– obsessed– obsessed– obsessed– obsessed– obsessed–)
Obsessed with fantasy, possessed with my schemes
I mixed reality with pseudo-God dreams
The ghost of violence was something I’d seen
I sold my soul to be the human obscene
How could this poison be the dream of my soul?
How did my fantasies take complete control, yeah?

Why don't you just get out of my life, yeah?
Why don't you just get out of my life, now?
Why doesn't everybody leave me alone, now?
Why doesn't everybody leave me alone, yeah?


Well, I feel something’s taking me I don’t know where
It’s like a trip inside a separate mind
The ghost of tomorrow from my favourite dream
Is telling me to leave it all behind
Feel it slipping away, slipping in tomorrow
Gotta get to happiness, want no more of sorrow
You might also like
Realised when to hide
How I tried to get away from you, now
Now am I right if I fight
That I might just get away from you, now
Sting me!

Well, I feel something’s giving me the chance to return
It’s giving me the chance of saving my soul
Pictures of demigod are fading away
I’m going backward, but I’m in control
Feel it slipping away, slipping in tomorrow
Getting back to sanity, providence of sorrow

Was it wise to disguise
How I tried to get away from you, now?
Is there a way that I can pay
Or is it true I have to stay with you, now?


How I lied, went to hide
How I tried to get away from you now
Am I right in my fight
That I might just get away from you now
Suck me!
I’m really digging schizophrenia, the best of the earth
I’ll chase my soul in the fires of hell
Peace of mind eluded me, but now it’s all mine
I simply try, but he wants me to fail
Feel it slipping away, slipping in tomorrow
Now I’ve found my happiness, from the depths of sorrow

No more lies, I got wise
I despise the way I worshiped you
Now I’m free, can't you see
That now instead, I won’t be led by you, now?
Free!

No!

Oh!
Oh! Oh!
Oh!
2Embed