Parental Discretion Iz Advised LyricsOne, two, three — kick it

A-yo, Dre, what's goin' on, man? What's goin' on?
Ay, what ch'all gonna do for this last record?
Nah, tell me what cha'all gonna do?
Okay, you want me to do the intro? Aight!

Parental discretion is advised for the moment
While I'm gettin' candid, now understand it
Ain't too typical in any way
Though the pro on the mic is the D-O-to-the-C — this is an intro
I know The D.O.C. makes you wanna take a Valium
So buy a bucket 'cause upcomin' is my album
And for the record, meanin' my record, check it!
Listen to the single and you'll be like, "Yo, I gotta get it!"
But in the meantime, listen to the rhyme
Of the Dr. Dre played with N.W.A
Yella's on the drum roll, rockin' the beat
A-yo, Dre! Where you gonna take this shit, man?
A-yo, let's take it to the street (WORD UP!)
Let 'em understand perfection
Let knowledge be the tool for suckas to stop guessin'
'Cause I don't give a fuck about radio play
Observe the English I display
Lyrics for the adults, children have been barred
And scarred from listenin' to somethin' so muthafuckin' hard
Dope! Pumpin' that's so my shit will never falter
Yo, it's Dre, so fuck the "Mind of Minolta"!
Psycho like no other muthafucka
So step to me wrong, G-O for what you N-O!
But be warned — never will I leave like a regular
'Cause I'm a little better than the regular competitor
I use to see 'em on stage
Earnin' money like a thief, but without a gauge
Until I got full of clockin' the lame, gettin' pull
(They said you wasn't gon' get paid) Nah, that's bullshit!
They like it stylistic, and I enchant the crowd like I'm a mystic
(C-C-C-C) C-C-C-cameras are flashin' when I'm in action
A photo, or fresh with the flair for fashion
Pure simplicity — see, it's elementary
You hear one of the hardest muthafuckaz this century
Try to comprise a word to the wise and they guys
Parental discretion is advised
You might also like
Ren is most extremely high performance
The black hat 'cause I worn this, 'cause it's like enormous
Some shit I don't take it, not even in a toilet
And shit from a sucka's put in a pot and I'll boil it
Turn up the pilot as it burns
And maybe, the muthafuckaz will learn
I'm not a sub, 'cause I speak sensible
Not considered a prince, 'cause I'm a principal
I'm engineerin' the shit that you're hearin'
'Cause when it comes to power, I'm power-steerin'
Silly, you say? I say you're silly when you say it
Rushin' to the eject to put my shit in and play it
It's like Apollo, but I'm not an amateur
And I'm not givin' a fuck while I'm damagin' ya
It's for the record — so Ren's lyrics is gonna spin it
And if there was a trophy involved, I'd win it
Possession is mine and I'm the holder
'Cause a nigga like Ren don't give a fuck 'cause I'm older
So for you to step off would be wise
And say fuck it! Parental discretion is advised

I be what is known as a bandit
You gotta hand it to me when you truly understand it
'Cause if you fail to see — read it in Braille, it'll still be funky
So what's next is the flex of a genius
My rapid-stutter-steppin' if you seen this
Dope, you hope that I don't really mean this
But if Play made a greater high-top fade
It's not my trademark when I get loose in the dark
You guessed it was a test of a different style
It's just another muthafucka on the pile
Drivin' your ass with the flow of the tongue
You hung yourself shortly after knowledge was brung to your attention
By the hardest muthafuckin' artist that is known for lynchin'
Any sucka in a minute — stagger 'em all!
When I start flowin' like Niagara Falls
Ice Cube is equipped to rip shit in a battle
Move like a snake when I'm mad, and then my tail rattle
I get low on the flow, so let your kids know
When I bust, parental discretion is a must!
Little did they know that I would be arrivin'
And it's surprisin', rockin' it from where I been
But it's the E here to take, no mistakes will be made
In the trade where funky ass records are bein' played
Fuck the regular! Yo, as I get better, the
Bitches wanna trick and go stupid up on the dick
So I get 'em hot, thinkin' they're gonna get it
As they sit, rubbin' their legs like a cricket
To you it may be funny, but
There's no service of beef without money
So slip the C-note, and you can choke
On a wing-ding-ding-a-ling down your throat
Foreplay to me ain't shit!
When you spread 'em, I'm ready, then you can get the dick
Of the E'z, if you can deal with the size
But if you can't, parental discretion's advised!

Shut the fuck up!12Embed