Coma Lyrics
Hey, you caught me in a coma and I don't think I wanna
Ever come back to this world again
Kinda like it in a coma 'cause no one's ever gonna
Oh, make me come back to this world again
Now, I feel as if I'm floating away
I can't feel all the pressure, and I like it this way
But my body's calling, my body's calling:
"Won't you come back to this world again?"
Suspended deep in a sea of black
I've got the light at the end, I've got the bones on the mast
Well, I've gone sailing, I've gone sailing
I could leave so easily, my friends are calling back to me
I said, they're, they're leavin' it all up to me
When all I needed was clarity, and
Someone to tell me what the fuck is goin' on
Goddamn it
Slipping farther and farther away
It's a miracle how long we can stay
In a world our minds created
In a world that's full of shit

Help me
"Okay, let's get this guy in the program please, we're losing him." "Start an IV Please."
Help Me
"Come on... His airways.. someone's got to protect his airways. I want two..."
"Where's the defibrillator?"
"Two IV's over here, please. That's two more now. We're losing him"
"Let's go"
Help Me
"Slow-motion here. This guy's going..."
Bastard
"Let's get him in ER"
"...Going out on us"
"Who's got the defibrillator?"

Please understand me

I'm climbing through the wreckage of all my twisted dreams
But this cheap investigation just can't stifle all my screams
And I'm waiting at the crossroads, waiting for you
Waiting for you, where are you?
You might also like
No one's going to bother me anymore
No one's going to mess with my head no more
I can't understand what all the fighting's for
But it's so nice here, down off the shore
I wish you could see this, 'cause there's nothing to see
It's peaceful here and it's fine with me
Not like the world where I used to live
I never really wanted to live, ah

I know
"Okay, we're starting to lose this guy. I want that IV and his airway protected!"
"Let's get some people in here!"
"Get the crash cart please, we're losing this guy. He's going..." "Give me an airway please"
"... Going under."
"Clear"
Zap him again
"How about an IV, stat?"
"Okay... you better protect the airway, you're starting to lose him." "clear!"
Zap the son of a bitch again


"Listen to me"
"Axl, are you listening to me?"
"Don't walk away from me!"
'You are such a fucking prick, I am so pissed with you"
"Get back over here!"
"All I hear is bullshit, all the time"
"All you ever wanna do is have sex, sex sex"
"I just don't give a shit anymore"
"I love you"
You live your life like it's a coma, won't you tell me why we'd wanna?
With all the reasons you give, it's, it's kinda hard to believe
But who am I to tell you that I've seen any reason why you should stay?
Maybe we'd be better off without you, anyway
You got a one-way ticket, on your last chance ride
Got a one-way ticket to your suicide
Got a one-way ticket, and there's no way out alive
An' all this crass communication that has left you in the cold
Isn't much for consolation when you feel so weak and old
But if home is where the heart is, then there's stories to be told
No, you don't need a doctor, no one else can heal your soul
Got your mind in submission, got your life on the line
But nobody pulled the trigger, they just stepped aside
They be down by the water while you watch 'em waving goodbye
They be calling in the morning, they be hanging on the phone
They be waiting for an answer, but you know nobody's home
When the bell's stopped ringing it was nobody's fault, but your own
There were always ample warnings, there were always subtle signs
And you would have seen it comin' but we gave you too much time
And when you said that no one's listening, why'd your best friend drop a dime?
Sometimes, we get so tired of waiting for a way to spend our time
An' it's so easy to be social, it's so easy to be cool
Yeah, it's easy to be hungry, when you ain't got shit to lose
And I wish that I could help you with what you hope to find
But I'm still out here, waiting, watching reruns of my life
When you reach the point of breaking, know it's gonna take some time
To heal the broken memories that another man would need just to survive14Embed