Get in the Ring Lyrics
Yeah, c'mon

Why do you look at me, when you hate me?
Why should I look at you, when you make me hate you too?
I sense a smell of retribution in the air
I don't even understand why the fuck you even care

And I don't need your jealousy, yeah
Why drag me down in your misery? (Yeah)
And when you stare, you don't think I feel it
But I'm gonna deal it back to you in spades
When I'm having fun, you know I can't conceal it
'Cause I know you'd never cut it in my game, oh, no

And when you're talking about a vasectomy, yeah
I'll be writing down your obituary, history, ouh

You got your bitches with the silicone injections
Crystal meth and yeast infections
Bleached blond hair, collagen lip injections
Who are you to criticize my intentions?
Got your subtle, manipulative devices
Just like you, I got my vices
I got a thought that would be nice
I'd like to crush your head, tight in my vice
Pain

And that goes for all you punks in the press, that want to start shit by printing lies instead of the things we said
That means you, Andy Secher at Hit Parader, Circus magazine, Mick Wall at Kerrang!
Bob Guccione Jr. at Spin, what you pissed off 'cause your dad gets more pussy than you?
Fuck you, suck my fucking dick
You be ripping off the fucking kids while they be paying their hard-earned money to read about the bands they want to know about?
Printing lies, starting controversy, you want to antagonize me?
Antagonize me, motherfucker, get in the ring, motherfucker and I'll kick your bitchy little ass, punk
You might also like

I don't like you, I just hate you
I'm gonna kick your ass
Oh yeah
Oh yeah, ouh
Ahahahaha
Ahahahaha
Ahahahaha

You may not like our integrity, yeah
We built a world out of anarchy, oh yeah

And in this corner, weighing
In at 850 pounds, Guns N' Roses!
Get in the ring, get in the ring, get in the ring, get in the ring
Get in the ring, get in the ring, get in the ring, get in the ring (get the fuck in!)
Get in the ring, get in the ring, get in the ring, get in the ring
Get in the ring, get in the ring, get in the ring, get in the ring
Yeah
:
This song is dedicated to all the Guns N' Fuckin' Roses fans
Who've stuck with us through all the fucking shit
And to all those opposed - hmm, well...
:
Get in the ring, get in the ring...3Embed