No More Pain Lyrics
Hey, DeVante
Nigga, don't you know we're gonna sow up every bitch in the country?
Me and you, up in the same motherfuckin' room, on the same level
This shit here (Hardcore to the brain), hahahaha
Please, no more pain
(Hardcore to the brain) That's right, nigga
Hey, drop that shit, boy

My adversaries cry like ho's
Fully eradicate my foes
My lyrics explode on contact, gamin' you hoes
Who else but Mama's only son? Fuck the phony niggas, I'm the one
Say my name, watch bitches come
Now fire when ready, stay watchin' our figure
Increase speed, make you motherfuckers bleed from your mouth quicker
Plus all these niggas that you run with be on some dumb shit
Trickin' on hoes, I ain't the one, bitch
Holla my name and witness game official, it's so sick
Have every single bitch that came witchu on my dick
Plus this alcohol increases the chance to be deceased
I'm movin' you stupid bitches, this is telekinesis
Am I reachin' your brain? Nigga, how can I explain?
How vicious this thug motherfucker came
When I die, I want to be a living legend, say my name
Affiliated with this motherfuckin' game, with no more pain
 X2
I came to bring the pain, hardcore to the brain
Let's go inside my astral plane (No more pain)
I came to bring the pain, hardcore to the brain
Let's go inside my astral plane (No more pain)

Line up my adversaries, blast on sight
And fuck your boyfriend, bitch, I want some ass tonight
You know my steelo
Alizé and Cristal, weed
Sure you heard of all the freaky shit they say about me, huh?
Plus all you busters is jealous
Pull your gun out and blast
I dare you niggas to open fire
I'll murder that ass
And disappear before the cops come runnin'
My Glock's spittin' rounds, niggas fallin' down, clutchin' they stomach
It's Westside, Death Row, Thug niggas on the rise
Busters shot me five times, real niggas don't die
Can ya hear me? Laced with this game, I know you feel me
Spit the secret to war, so cowards fear me
My only fear of death is reincarnation
Heart of a soldier with a brain to teach your whole nation and feelin' no more pain

I came to bring the pain, hardcore to the brain
Let's go inside my astral plane (No more pain)
I came to bring the pain, hardcore to the brain
Let's go inside my astral plane (Yeah, nigga, no more pain)
I came to bring the pain, hardcore to the brain
(What? What, nigga?)
Let's go inside my astral plane (No more pain)
I came to bring the pain, hardcore to the brain
Let's go inside my astral plane (No more pain)
I came to bring the pain, hardcore to the brain (No pain, nigga)
Let's go inside my astral plane (No pain)
You might also like
Bury me that's what they all say
It's time to make a killin', sure to make a million with DeVante
Bitch, I know you want me, what your mouth say?
Now, watch your eyes
You don't wanna get with me, that's a lie
I got my hands on your hips
No time to bullshit
Freaky bitch, come give me kiss
Tell them niggas from other areas, brothers from here
So obsessed with this money makin', it ain't nothin' we fear
Now they label me a troublemaker 'cause I'm a ridah
Death to you playa haters, don't let me find ya
Mama made me rugged, baptized the public
Now you all thugs, nigga, don't you love it?
It's similar to multiple gunshots, retaliation is a must
Wasn't too sure what you facin' so watch the guns bust
You niggas will bleed, fuckin' with me, you'll be deceased
Never restin' in peace, nigga, with no more pain

I came to bring the pain, hardcore from the brain
Let's go inside my astral plane
I came to bring the pain, hardcore from the brain
Let's go inside my astral plane
Hahahahaha, yeah, nigga, yeah! Hahahaha, no more pain
It's just like that, nigga, like that, yeah, no more pain
Motherfuckers can't handle that shit
Much too much for these bitches, no more pain
Feel me, nigga? Feel me?
How you figure you can fuck with me? No more pain
Fully automatic type shit, no more pain
Coward-ass niggas, cowards
Come put your mouth on this pistol, nigga
Come put your mouth on the pistol, no more pain
Close your eyes, nigga, do it
Die in the dark, no more pain
Say Thuuuuuuuug Life, baby
Death Row, so what you motherfuckers do? Hahaha
Hey, that's DeVante droppin' that beat like that, biatch!
In case you wonderin'
And jealous niggas
Hahaha, see y'all niggas, motherfuckin' niggas are shit, hey
Westside! Death to everybody that ain't down with me
That's on, feel me? Hahaha
Oh yeah, to the cowards
You know who I mean, it's still Bad Boy Killa
Just feel that, Thug Life, shit don't stop
Fat motherfuckers got Downs Syndrome, motherfuckers
Weak-ass niggas, dancers turned fuckin' CEOs
Put your mouth on this pistol, nigga
Put your mouth on the pistol!
Hahahaha, yeah, nigga, no more pain
Prison ain't changed me, nigga, it made me worse
Feel me, nigga, hahaha, no more pain
Hey, DeVante, I'm givin' these motherfuckers choices
Niggas can roll with us, or they can be rolled up under us
That's on you, nigga, what you wanna do?
Last year we was lettin' these niggas kick up dust
This year you motherfuckers gon' be dust
Thug Life, nigga, Westside!25Embed