He Got Game (Album Version) Lyrics
Yeah that's right, this cut goes out to all y'all that's been missin' us for mad years
One love y'all
Yeah that's right, He Got Game
PE 1998

If man is the father, the son is the center of the earth
In the middle of the universe, then why
Is this verse comin' six times rehearsed?
Don't freestyle much but I write 'em like such (Word)
Amongst the fiends controlled by the screens
What does it all mean, all this shit I'm seein'?
Human beings screaming vocal javelins
Signs of a local nigga unravelling (uh huh)
My wanderin' got my ass wondering
Where Christ is in all this crisis?
Hatin' Satan never knew what nice is
Check the papers while I bet on ices
More than your eye can see and ears can hear
Year by year all the sense disappears
Nonsense perseveres, prayers laced with fear
Beware, two triple O is near
It might feel good, it might sound a little somethin'
But damn the game if it don't mean nothin'
What is game? Who got game?
Where's the game in life, behind the game behind the game
I got game, she's got game
We got game, they got game, he got game
It might feel good, it might sound a little somethin'
But fuck the game if it ain't sayin' nothin'

Damn, was it something I said?
Pretend you don't see so you turn your head
Ray scared of his shadow, does it matter?
Thought of reparations got 'em playin' with the population
Nothin to lose, everything's approved
People used, even murders excused (You preach to 'em, yo)
White men in suits don't have to jump
Still a thousand and one ways to lose with his shoes
God takes care of old folks and fools
While the devil takes care of makin' all the rules
Folks don't even own themselves
Payin' mental rent to corporate presidents (My man, my man)
Ugh, one outta million residents
Bein' dissident, who ain't kissin' it
The politics of chains and whips
Got the sick missin' chips and all the championships
What's Love Got To Do with what you got
Don't let a win get to your head or a loss to your heart (Word)
Nonsense perseveres, prayers laced with fear
Beware, two triple O is near
You might also like
It might feel good, it might sound a little somethin'
But damn the game if it don't mean nothin'
What is game? Who got game?
Where's the game in life, behind the game behind the game
I got game, she's got game
We got game, they got game, he got game
It might feel good, it might sound a little somethin'
But fuck the game if it ain't sayin' nothin'

Yeah that's right, eerybody got game
But we just here to let y'all know
That PE, is in full effect, from right now till the year 2000
Aiyo, my man, sing it

There's something happening here (Yeah, yeah)
What it is ain't exactly clear
There's a man, with a gun over there (Yeah, that's right, hah haha)
Tellin me, I got to beware
It's time we stop, children what's that sound?
Everybody look what's goin, down
(Aiyo, I don't think they heard you, Stevie
Kick it to em again one more time)
It's time we stop, children what's that sound?
Everybody look what's goin, down
Haha, that's right boy, PE in full effect boy to the year 2000 yo

Stop, look, what's that sound
Everybody knows what's goin' down
Stop, look, what's that sound
Everybody knows what's goin' down

Come on sing it
Sing it again y'all come on
Hey!
He-hey!!!
Aiyo, these are some serious times that we're livin in G
And a new world order is about to begin, y'knowhutI'msayin?
Now the question is - are you ready, for the real revolution
Which is the evolution of the mind?
If you seek then you shall find that we all come from the divine
You dig what I'm sayin?
Now if you take heed to the words of wisdom
That are written on the walls of life
Then universally, we will stand and divided we will fall
Because love conquers all, you understand what I'm sayin?
This is a call to all you sleepin souls
Wake up and take control of your own cipher
And be on the lookout for the spirit snipers
Tryin to steal your light, y'knowhutI'msayin?
Look within-side yourself, for peace
Give thanks, live life and release
You dig me? You got me?5Embed