Black Widow Lyrics[Intro]
"Leaving Lepidoptera – please don't touch the displays, little boy; so cute – moving to the next aisle we have arachnida: the spiders, our finest collection. This friendly little devil is the Heptophilidae, unfortunately harmless. Next to him, the nasty Lycosa Raptoria; his tiny fangs cause creeping ulcerations of the skin. And here, my prize, the Black Widow. Isn't she lovely? And so deadly. Her kiss is fifteen times as poisonous as that of the Rattlesnake. You see, her venom is highly neuro-toxic, which is to say that it attacks the central nervous system - causing intense pain, profuse sweating, difficulty in breathing, loss of consciousness, violent convulsions and finally death. You know, I think what I love the most about her is her inborn need to dominate, possess. In fact, immediately after the consummation of her marriage to the smaller and weaker male of the specie, she kills and eats him. Oh, she is delicious, and I hope he was. Such power and dignity unhampered by sentiment. If I may put forward a slice of personal philosophy; I feel that Man has ruled this world as stumbling, demented child-king long enough, and as his empire crumbles my precious Black Widow shall rise as his most fitting successor."

These words he speaks are true, we're all humanary stew if
We don't pledge allegiance to The Black Widow

The horror that he brings, the horror of his sting
The unholiest of kings, the Black Widow
Our minds will be his toy
And every girl and boy will learn to be employed by the Black Widow
Love me, yes, we love me, love him, yes, we love him
Love me, yes, we love me, love him, yes, we love him

He sits upon his throne and picks at all the bones of his
Husbands and his wives he's devoured
He stares with a gleam, with a laugh so obscene
At the virgins and the children he's deflowered

Love me, yes, we love me, love him, yes, we love him
Love me, yes, we love me, love him, yes, we love him

[Guitar Solo]

Our thoughts are hot and crazed, our brains are webbed in haze
Of mindless senseless daze, the Black Widow
These words he speaks are true, we're all humanary stew
If we don't pledge allegiance to the Black Widow

The Black WidowYou might also like1Embed