A Bitch Iz a Bitch Lyrics
Let's describe a certain female
A female with a disease of character and attitude
If you will, a snob
However in the view of NWA...

A bitch is a bitch
So if I'm poor or rich
I talk in the exact same pitch
Now the title bitch don't apply to all women
But all women have a little bitch in 'em
It's like a disease that plagues their character
Taking the women of America
And it starts with the letter B
It makes a girl like that think she better than me (bitch)
See, some get mad and some just bear it
But, yo, if the shoe fits wear it
It makes 'em go deaf in the ear that's why
When you say 'hi' she won't say 'hi'
Are you the kind that think you're too damn fly?
Bitch eat shit and die *laughs*
Ice Cube coming at you at a crazy pitch
(Why?) I think a bitch is a bitch
Who the fuck you think you calling a bitch you little sorry motherfucker
I don't know who the fuck you think you talking to
Let me tell you one motherfucking thing, I'm not no-
"Bitch, shut the fuck up"

Yo, you can tell a girl that's out for the money (how?)
She look good and the bitch walk funny (he ain't lying)
She ain't no dummy, she's rather conniving
Yo bitch, fuck what I'm driving (yup)
See a young nigga that's striving (like me)
You're through without a BMW
That's why a bitch is a bitch I guess
Or either P-M-S
Here, test the girl that's kinda snobby (alright)
And I bet you dissing niggas is her hobby
And after she finished the test
Grade today of B-I-T-C-H
And watch her get mad 'cause she know it's true (she know it)
But a nigga like me'll say "fuck you" *laughs*
Do like Ice Cube, slam her ass in a ditch (word) (slam her ass)
'Cause a bitch is a bitch

"Why I gotta be a bitch?"
I ain't call you no bitch, if you listen to the goddamn song it'd tell you what a bitch is...
"Fuck the song 'cause I'm not no motherfucking bitch"
I didn't say you was a bitch, if you stop acting like a goddamn bitch
"Fuck you, little punk-ass little nigga"
Fuck you, bitch! You sloppy-ass, scandalous-ass ho!
"Fuck you! Who the fuck you think you are?"
Fuck you! Suck my dick, bitch! You scandalous-ass, doo-doo dog breath, stinking, ugly...
You might also like
I once knew a bitch who got slapped
'Cause she played me like she was all that
A bitch can be your best friend talking behind your back (yeah?)
About who's fucking who and who's getting fat
Look at yourself for me (look, bitch)
Now do you fall in this category?
Or you the kind that won't blink
'Cause you don't think your shit stink *laughs*
Lucky I haven't had a drink
'Cause I'd down your ass
Then I'd clown your ass
'Cause the niggas I hang with ain't rich
We'll all say "Fuck you bitch!" (word)
Now what can I do with a ho like you
Bend your ass over and then I'm through (get the fuck out)
'Cause you see Ice Cube ain't taking no shit
(Why?) 'Cause I think a bitch is a bitch

There you have it, the description of a bitch
Now ask yourself are they talking about you?
Are you that funky, dirty, money-hungry, scandalous, stuck-up, hair piece contact wearing bitch?
Yep, you probably are
Bitch!16Embed