Revolutionary Generation Lyrics
I get down to what it is
And if it ain't funky (Round, round, round,round)
See ya! (Round)
People askin' me what's goin' on my mind
Huh, (Hey!)
Wait a minute

"The true worth of a race must be measured by the character of its woman..."
Just a matter of race
'Cause a black male's in their face
Step back for the new jack swing
On the platter, scatter, huh
(We got our own thing)
Yes, just jam, let the rhythm run (Boy!)
Day to day, America eats its young
And defeats our women
There is a gap so wide, we all can swim in
Drown in (Uh, get down!) and get it
Got it goin' on with it
Sister (hey) soul sister, we goin' be all right
It takes a man to take a stand
Understand it takes a woman to make a stronger man
(As we both get strong)
They'll call me a crazy Asiatic while I'm singin' a song
(Oh, oh!) Oh my God, oh my lord, I can't hold back
So I get exact on a track
It's an eye for eye, tooth for tooth
Forget about me, just set my sister free (Sisters!)
R-E-S-P-E-C-T
My sister's not my enemy
'Cause we'll be stronger together to make them all say
Damn! (This generation!)
You might also like
(I don't know what this world's coming to!)
They don't know what we got goin' is (sound)
(See you!) To turn it all around
To my sisters I communicate with the bass and tone
Thru speakers and the microphone
'Cause I'm tired of America dissin' my sisters
(For example, like they dissed Tawana)
And they try to say that she's a liar
My people don't believe it, but even now they're getting higher
Off the feeling, inspiration
We must know that in this nation
Every single generation
(They teach us how to diss our sisters)
Strange as you say, I say "revolution"
Need for change brings a revolution
The great book, look see solution
God chooses what and who for the bruisin'
There's been no justice for none of my sisters
Just us been the one that's been missin' her
Now we got to protect
To get together and damn! (This generation)

I said so to what it is
Where it is, she needs a lil' respect (There it is)
I would say she needs a lotta
Brother from a mother like me has gotta
Give it up (Give it now)
And pass it all around to my soul sister
They disrespected mama and treated her like dirt
America took her, reshaped her, raped her
No, it never made the paper
Beat us, mated us
Made us attack our woman in black
So I said "sophisticated B" (Don't be one!)
Not to heed the warning crack of dawn
Or is it the dawn of crack? (Uh oh)
Stop the talk they say, but we talk and say whats right or wrong
Some say we wasting time singing a song
But why is it that we're many different shades
Black woman's privacy invaded years and years
You cannot count my mama's tears
It's not the past, the future's what she fears
Strong, we be strong, the next generation
It's what, not who, we're facin'
The fingers pointed to us in our direction
The blind state of mind needs correction
Word to the mother, we tighten connection
To be a man, you need no election
This generation generates a new attitude (Yeah!)
Sister to you we should not be rude
So we come together
And make 'em all say 'damn'! (This generation!)Embed