Don’t Stop Lyrics
As I proceed indeed to take the lead with speed
All the suckers'll back off and fall
But this is the hype I like and the type of mic
You wanna fight?  Just gimme a call
I'm going to breeze..

.. past the other MC's
And D's rhymes'll flow like water
The wind, the rain, the hurricane, it's all the same
With rhymes in order
And yo my name is Run, and yeah I'm all that
Slap back the KING of the daddy mack's
But that ain't the news I choose to tell
I gotta use the cruise that bruises well
For the grime you slime, you try to diss mine
I put your head to bed, cause it's bedtime
I knock out your teeth beneath your gums
Now you're mumblin - you bum!
(Turn out the lights Run!)  Picture punks playin me close
When I'm hard as hell, and that's all labelled SUCKERS
Waitin for the King of Swing to bring
"Beats to the Rhyme," and yeah I'm runnin things
Now that's the name of the phrase
So don't be amazed at the ways my rhyme displays
You gotta make the best of what you got to get to the top
In hip-hop, you gotta diggy diggy don't STOP!
.. musical interlude ..

The longest yardest artist, hittin hardest, smartest
Professor, compressor, impressor to the lesser
Low-life ?? of the mic
I come CORRECT! (You surely right)
The atmosphere is clear when I appear
Here to wax and tax an MC for mere pennies
And if any, wanna get with D
I crash and bash and smash his ass for free
Black man!  Originating creating a beat
I educate and straight from off the streets
HARD, like a man was born to be
It just just happened in rap I was born to be
KING, yeah me the king of the rock
So let's rock the spot and diggy don't STOP!
You might also like.. musical interlude ..
	Funky lyrics that you hear
	AS WE RELEASE THE MASTERPIECE THE MUSIC WILL CEASE
	and I'll put up the peace sign

And I roll with soul and reach my goal, the story is told
D's bold, and suckers'll fold

And I'm Run my son the fun has just begun
And some are slum, and make em sell til
Crumbles crumb they hum, those fools will come
And none have never done Run, Jay!

D.M.C. the king is me and I be
The voice of black community
So be the unity inside of me, and we
Will all agree about this - don't STOP!
.. music to fade ..Embed