Ay Papi LyricsAy papi, tu sabe, yo tengo fiebre para ti

Got senoritas in Adidas over in Spain
The Don of San Juan got 'em goin insane
Got chicks in Spanish Harlem holdin they brain
In São Paulo they follow, doin the same
Admiration for Run since "Sucker M.C.'s"
Papi bilingual, sell a single with ease
Y'all think that I'm done, Run don't got no flow?
What is you loco?  I'm grande gato pa-po
Run and Bo, D.M.C. and Fat Joe
Fo' cats on the same track got dough
Us cuatro, lock flow, you don't know?
From New York City to Puerto Rico (whoa)
Ay papi, tu sabe, yo tengo fiebre para ti
You got my fire burnin..
Ay papi, tu sabe, yo tengo fiebre para ti
You got my fire burnin..

Uhh, uhh
What's goin on black?  Goin platinum and beyond that
Layin down the format, sippin on that Cognac
Where the Don at?
I'm at Hollis with the kings payin homage to the things
They accomplished in they teens and I never stop throwin them flings
Control of the game, I'm right here over the rain
A human pot of gold, I already had a lot of flow
Ready to rock steady with Run and make a lot of dough

You might tell from the way I talk
That sucker MC's is who I stalk
Create in a rhyme that is in formation
Or why I made such a rap creation
That is bound, to be reknowned
Within this city as a funky sound
And to those that try to put me down
My DJ has jams, by the pound (c'mon, let's go)
You might also like

Skaggs Nit'
Aiyyo I rolled up, in the spot that I rolled up
My ice glitter like hold up
All the chickens like, "Look at Bo, he done growed up
Thinks he the bomb, bet his beeper stay blowed up"
So much frost on my wrist look my fist froze up
A photographer is tryin to get a little close up
Why cause I'm a star now?  Buy out the bar now?
Or I press one button, start up my car now?
I heard that you wanna spar now, so baby it's on
I spit flows, rip shows 'til the day that I'm gone
And this day I hit 'em off I'll have America sewn
Rich plat', rims chrome, spin (?) to your dome
I entered your home, lick you down, strictly to bone
The hit that I'm on got Spanish mamis singin my song
 - 1.5XEmbed