Findum, Fuckum & Flee Lyrics
Hehehehehehehahahahaha
Yeah, it's me again
So check it out - ladies, not gentlemen
Drop your draws, cop a seat
And let's get into this, yeah

Easily I'm approachin', there ain't no jokin'
When the pussy holes are open
Ready to fuck until my dick is raw
Yo! the muthafuckin' devil's son-in-law
(Peter Peter, the Pussy-eater)
No it's the E, the mothafuckin' pussy-beater
And I’m the quicker-picker-up, I'm quick to pick up a bitch
So come here bitch and lick up and lick up and lick up the dick
Now how many nuts would it take for me
To let that bitch graduate to lesson three, let's see
(Splash splash splash splash splash splash)
As you can see I straight waxed that ass
Back up bitch unless you want nut in your eye
I never never ever ever seen a bitch cry
Nut one, nut two, nut four, five, six
I lost the third nut in the mix, fuck it!
(Hey yo Yella boy, why don't you rewind it!)
Six, five, four, now three is up
Gimme that gimme that gimme that nut
You wanna feel the dick baby try your luck
Because the E likes to fuck fuck fuck yo
I get 'em stuck-on and get the fuck on
Give 'em a Tootsie Roll and tell 'em thanks for the pussy hole
I find 'em fuck 'em and flee you know
But before I D.O. - yo I take a ho to the hotel
To the motel, to the holiday inn
Yo, if that bitch start fuckin' up (What you do?)
I'll just fuck her friend
Ah Dr. Dre
What up?
My mellow
Yo
It's on you - so what the fuck you're gonna do?

Well, it's on and on and on and on
Yo the beat don't stoppin' 'till the break o' dawn
Yo, every bitch I know they wanna get with me
The motherfuckin' notorious D-R-E
Spit game at a bitch while a nigga's around
And you know most ho's knows not to clown
Cause if a bitch tries to diss me while I'm full of liquor
I smack the bitch up and shoot the nigga that's with her
That's the kind of nigga that you're listenin' to
Talk to you for a minute then my dick's in you
Yo now every single bitch got a price to pay
Up on the dicks of N.W.A
I find 'em fuck 'em and flee you know
But before I D.O. - yo, I take a hoe to the hotel
To the motel, to the holiday inn (say what?)
If that bitch start fuckin' up, yo
I'll just fuck her friend
You might also like
Now MC Ren
What up?
My mellow
A check it out
It's on you - so what the fuck you're gonna do?

Now gather around y'all, and check it out y'all
And all the bitches come and suck up on my balls y'all
And take a ticket to play with it like a Slinky
So put your lips on my big chocolate twinkie
And you swallow all the nut if you bitches are smart
To make my dick pop up like a Pop-Tart
But after I nut I'mma leave ya
But first I must deceive ya, because bitch I don't need ya
And don't say that you love me too
Cause if I turn my back you would fuck the whole crew
You're nothin' but a stank ho' tryin' to take my bank ho'
So I have to let you know  at a hotel
And a motel and a holiday inn (say what?)
Because if that bitch starts fuckin' up yo
I'll just fuck her friend4Embed