Pass the Mic Lyrics
Goodness gracious!

If you can feel what I’m feeling then it's a musical masterpiece
Hear what I’m dealing well then that's cool at least
What's running through my mind comes through in my walk
True feelings are shown from the way that I talk
And this is me y'all, I emcee y'all
My name is MCA and I still do what I please
And now I’d like to introduce (what's up?)
I'll pass the mic to D for a fist full of truth
The name is D, y'all and I don't play
And I can rock a block party 'til your hair turns grey
So, what you sayin'? I explode on site
I’m like Jimmy Walker I’m Dyn-o-mite
And now I’d like to pass the mic
To Ad-Rock c'mon and do anything you like

I’m the A-D-R-O-C-K
In the place with the bass I’m going all the way
I can't stop, y'all, tock tick, y'all
And if you think that you're slick you'll catch a brick, y'all
‘Cause I’mma turn it in and I’mma turn it out
But now I’ve got to pass the mic to Yauch

Well, on and on and on and on
I can't stop, y'all 'til the early morn’
So rock rock, y'all, tick tock, y'all
A to the beat, y'all, c'mon and rock, y'all

I give thanks for inspiration, it guides my mind along the way
A lot of people get jealous, they're talking about me
But that's just cause they haven't got a thing to say
You might also like
Well everybody rapping like it's a commercial
Actin' like life is a big commercial
So this is what I’ve got to say to you all
Be true to yourself and you will never fall
And now I’d like to pass the mic to A
So what's your name, Yauch?

My name is MCA
I’ve been coming to where I am from the get go
Find that I can groove with the beat when I let go
So put your worries on hold
Get up and groove with the rhythm in your soul
And now I’d like to pass the mic (To who?)
To my brother Ad-Rock c'mon and shine like a light

Yes, yes, y'all and yes, yes, y'all
I’m always on time nevertheless, y'all
And that's right y'all, I shed light, y'all
I’ve got no time in my life to get uptight, y'all
So what you gonna say that I don't know already?
I’m like Clyde and I’m rockin' steady
But time flies when you're having fun
So Mike D? (That's me!) C'mon and get some
M.I.K.E. to the D
You come and see me and you pay a fee
Do what I do professionally
To tell the truth I am exactly what I want to be
Now Ad-Rock (Huh?) and MCA (Yeah?)
Let's rock this joint in the old school way

Well I’m on 'til the crack of dawn
Mowing down emcees like I’m mowing a lawn
I go off like nothing can faze me
You think we'll ever meet Stevie? One of these days, D
But I can stand my ground and I am down
To wax an emcee who acts like a clown
But for now, I’d like to ask you how
You like the feel of the bass in your face in the crowd?5Embed