Synthesizer Lyrics
Everybody's got opinions
On the way you're living (oooh)
But, see, they can't fill your shoes
Life is made of half illusion (evolution)
Forty percent confusion (oooh)
Whatever's left I'm using to keep myself from losing, yeah
You don't know what I've been through (oooh)
Hell, I might go through you (Data boys are horny tonight)
Uh-oh, oh-no-oahohh (Data boys are horny tonight)
Hey, hey, hey, hey (SCSIs with a booty in her face)
And mm-mmmmmm (Modem seeking, data searching, access sleeping)
All in all, it's all in my head
You know it's that high guy, from East P.I
Spittin the realness of reality, you mad at me
Boi how you gonna handle me?
You want me to lolligag and talk that bullshit?
I refuse to play so I'm gon' speak that Southern good shit
That harder than yo' hood shit, lil' shit
That make y'all niggas think about the trigger
Before you pull it, on liquor stores and banks
Them folks got more than enough bullets to put that ass
Off in the slang, don't claim no gang, we the niggas
That did that "Ain't No Thang But a Chicken Wang"
But still though, how you gonna play a nigga like dildo
We OutKast til it's over, barbecue and never mildew
For real bro, yeah

"In tonight's news  (safe in cyberspace) 20th century technology:
Has the computer age, scientists, and doctors gone too far? (A tail ain't nothing but a long booty, a booty ain’t nothin but a butt)
Einstein or Frankenstein?
Dr. Scholl's, or Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde?
Are we digging into new ground
Or digging our own graves? Story at 11"

Synthesizer (data girls are horny tonight)
Synthesizer (Fuzzy logic, their pubic virginity)
Synthesizer (Ooooh oooh ooh)
Synthesizer (Ooooh oooh ooh)
You might also like
Conceived under the influence of toxic wasted doctors
Computer bugging debugging devices and vice versa
And various viruses
Performing with laser light precision and verbal incision
For a lingustic ballistic lobotomy
Mind-fuckin you, a psycho-sodomy of the medulla oblongata
Exit your mind down your spine and out your behind
Fuck you
Synthesizer, microwave me (Cybersites are horny tonight)
Give me a drug so I can make seven babies
Pump my breasts up, can you suck the fat up (Fuzzy logic therapeutic country)
Please make my life appear like ain't no such thing as bad luck (You wanted that? A holiday)
My nose ain't right, think I need a new one
Just take your pick, a yellow, red, a black, or a blue one
Virtual reality? virtual bullshit! (Cybersexy Wendy web walking in the nude)
Synthesizer preachers can reach you up in the pulpit
Who a bitch? (Digital good time)
Give me my gat so I can smoke this nigga
Tell his momma not to cry (Digital good time)
Because they can clone him quicker
Than it took his daddy to make him
Niggas bitin verbatim (Said she'd lapdance on your laptop, while your laptops in your lap)
Thought provokin' records radio never played dem
Instant, quick grits, new, improved (Digital good time)
Hurry hurry, rush rush, world on the move (Digital good time)
Marijuana illegal but cigarettes cool
I might look kinda funny but I ain't no fool (Cyber sexy Cindy web walking in the nude)
Now if you wanna synthesize I empathize (Digital good time)
Now if you wanna synthesize I empathize (Digital good time)
But if you synthesize I will understand (A tail ain't nothing but a long booty, ain’t nothin but a butt)
You'll synthesize a man
Synthesizer (Data boys are horny tonight, SCSI with a booty in her face)
Synthesizer (Problem seeking, data searching, access sleeping)
Synthesizer (Gravity is safe in cyberspace)
Synthesizer

Cybersexy Wendy (Synthesizer)
Web walking in the nude (All in all, it's all in my head)
Digital good time
(Synthesizer) digital good time (All in all, it's all in my head)
Said she'd lapdance on your laptop (Synthesizer)
While your laptop's in your lap (All in all, it's all in my head)
Digital good time (Synthesizer)
Digital good time
Cybersexy Wendy (Synthesizer) web walkin in the nude
Digital good time (Synthesizer)
Digital good time
Said she'd tapdance on your laptop (Synthesizer)
While your laptop's in your lap
Digital good time
(Synthesizer)
Digital good time
Digital good time
(Synthesizer)
Digital good time
Oooh cybersexy Wendy (Synthesizer)
Web walkin in the nude
Digital good time, (Synthesizer) digital good time
Fuzzy logic, their pubic virginity

Wassup, man?
Wassup player, wassup, wassup? What'chu need? What'chu need?
Shit, trying to smoke good like you
Shit, I ain't smoking good, I'm just out here trying to pay these bills, my nigga
What it look like for the Oskie-Wowskie?
Shit, for you? Cause you my nigga, shit, 65
65?
Yup, yeah
You don' charged me 50 the other day
It's some of that goddamn LA, some of that west coast
So it must've had a fifteen-dollar plane ticket added on to the motherfucker
Aye, shit, aye, I ain't the one to put the tag on it, my nigga, I just sell to you just the way I get it, know what I'm saying?
Stems and seeds and everything, huh?
Shit, you know how it go, playa
Well, I'mma tell it like this, I can't even smoke like that so you can go on and keep that
Shit, I holla at you later then
I'll holler at you to then, don't holla at me no more
Shit, holla at you
Bye, nigga
Yo11Embed