Can You Rock It Like This Lyrics
If I eat, a little kid sticks his finger in my plate
I be signing autographs, for three months straight
I got jet-set women, who offer me favors
My face is a thousand lipstick flavors
Need a sip of lemonade, I'm a slave to my trade
From all these lights my complexion might fade
Secretary overworked, by a money-hungry jerk
Got a letter, answer woman, won't you freak out on my shirt?

Well can you rock it like this? I can rock it like that
Can you rock it like this? I can rock it like that
Huh!! *echoes*
Your ears are clogged, your head as hard as a log
My privacy robbed, let me do my job
You funny lookin slob eatin sis kebap
You're the reason why my eyes are on the doorknob

Can you rock it like this? I think I rock it like that
But can you rock it like this? Homeboy I rock it like that

I'm straining not complaining for a casual life
Something normal, nothin formal, three kids and a wife
I'm dying from the spying that you're putting me through
I perspire, I'm on fire when I'm thinking of you

But can you rock it like this? I can rock it like that
Well can you rock it like this? I can rock it like that
Huh!! *echoes*
Can you rock it like this? I can rock it like that
But can you rock it like this? I can rock it like that
Huh!! *echoes*

News reporters, invade my borders
If I think it I will say it, you might have a recorder
And then, UHH-OHH, the nation's in upheaval
Old ladies always looking at me evil
You're stepping on my heels, you're breathing down my neck
I'm not Rodney Dangerfield, so give me respect
You might also like
Can you rock it like this? I-I can rock it like that
But can you rock it like this? Homeboy I rock it like that
Can you rock it like this? Yo I can rock it like that
But can you rock it like this? I can rock it like that
Hu-Huh-Huh!! *echoes*

What it all adds up to, is just one thing
Run-D.M.C is the king of the swing
And if you mess with us, you'll be a real short liver
You may be big, but our bodyguard's bigger *echoes*

Can you rock it like this? I can rock it like that
Can you rock it like this? I can rock it like that *echoes*
Can you rock it like this? I can rock it like that
Can you rock it like this? Homeboy I rock it like that *echoes*1Embed