You’re Gonna Get Yours Lyrics
Oh, Chuck, they out to get us, man
Yo, we got to dust these boys off

In this corner with the '98
Subject of suckers, object of hate
Who's the one some think is great?
I'm that one (son of a gun!)
Drivin' by wavin' my fist
Makin' 'em mad when I'm goin' like this
Top gun, never on the run
(They know not to come 'cause they all get some)
Goin' quicker in the speedin' lane
Jealous can't do it and it's causin' them pain
Caught in my smoke, all they did was choke
Look at my spokes, you know I'm no joke
Out that window, middle finger for all
Jealous at my ride, stereo and blackwalls
Suckers they got the nerve and gall
(To talk about the car when they're walkin' tall)
Suckers to the side, I know you hate my '98
(You're gonna get yours!)
Suckers to the side, I know you hate my '98
(You're gonna get yours!)

Pullin' away every day
Leavin' you in the dust so you know I get paid
On the mile ego trip and 5-0 tailin' on my tip
Watch me burn rubber, fall in my flame
This episode is always the same
Seein' no comp coming like I'm blind
All left back trailin' my behind
I go faster, cops try to shoot me
They'll get theirs when they try to get me
I'll let it go, my turbo
Run 'em in the river 'cause they're movin' too slow
Laughing hard at their attempt
So what if the judge charges me contempt?
I'd rub my boomerang 'cause I'm feelin' proud
And I wouldn't even hear 'em 'cause my radio's loud

Suckers to the side, I know you hate my '98
(You're gonna get yours!)
Suckers to the side, I know you hate my '98
(You're gonna get yours!)s
You might also like
Cruisin' down the boulevard
I'm treated like some superstar
You know the time so don't look hard
(Get with it, the ultimate homeboy car!)
All you suckers in the other ride
Whenever I'm comin' get to my side
My '98 is tough to chase
If you're on my tail better watch your face
Smoke is comin' when I burn
Rubber when my wheels turn
Tinted windows, so super bad
Lookin' like the car the Green Hornet had
It's the reason I'm ahead of the pack
It's the reason I left them back
It's the reason all the people say
My '98 Olds blows 'em all away

My '98 Oldsmobile's so ("Su—" "Su—" "Su—")
My '98 Oldsmobile is ("Su—" "Su—" "Su—")
My '98 Oldsmobile's so ("Su—" "Su—" "Su—")
My '98 Oldsmobile's like ("Super sperm")

Suckers to the side, I know you hate my '98
(You're gonna get yours!)
Suckers to the side, I know you hate my '98
(You're gonna get yours!)
Understand, I don't drive drunk
My '98's fly, I don't drive no junk
No cop got a right to call me a punk
Take this ticket, go to hell and stick it
Put me on a kick but line up, time's up
This government needs a tune-up
I don't even know what's happenin', what's up?
Gun in my chest, I'm under arrest
Sidewalk suckers wanted to spill me
So I got my crew and posse
Took the girls and got them to thrill me
Stepped outside, got in my ride
Drove 'em around and I looked around town
Caught 'em out there cold, ran 'em over and down
They didn't get me and that's the truth
('Cause my '98-O is bulletproof)

My '98 Oldsmobile's so ("Su—" "Su—" "Su—")
My '98 Oldsmobile is ("Su—" "Su—" "Su—")
My '98 Oldsmobile's so ("Su—" "Su—" "Su—")
My '98 Oldsmobile's like ("Super sperm")Embed