22 Acacia Avenue Lyrics
If you're feeling down, depressed and lonely
I know a place where we can go (Go)
22 Acacia Avenue
Meet a lady that I know
So if you're looking for a good time
And you're prepared to pay the price
Fifteen quid is all she asks for
Everybody's got their vice

If you're waiting for a long time
For the rest to do their piece
You can tell her that you know me
You might even get in free
So any time you're down the East End
Don't you hesitate to go
You can take my honest word for it
She'll teach you more than you can know
Charlotte, can't you get out from all this madness?
Can't you see it only brings you sadness?
When you entertain your men don't you know the risk of getting disease?
Some day when you've reached the age of forty
I bet you'll regret the days when you were laying
Nobody then will want to know
You won't have any more beautiful wares to show anymore

22, the Avenue
That's the place where we all go
You will find it's warm inside
The red light's burning bright tonight

Charlotte, isn't it time you stopped this mad life?
Don't you ever think about the bad times?
Why do you have to live this way?
Do you enjoy your lay or is it the pay?
Sometimes when you're strolling down the Avenue
The way you walk, it makes men think of having you
When you're walking down the street
Everybody stops and turns to stare at you

22, the Avenue
That's the place where we all go
You will find it's warm inside
The red light's burning bright tonight
You might also like
Beat her, mistreat her, do anything that you please
Bite her, excite her, make her get down on her knees
Abuse her, misuse her, she can take all that you've got
Caress her, molest her, she always does what you want


You're running away, don't you know what you're doing?
Can't you see it'll lead you to ruin?
Charlotte, you've taken your life and you've thrown it away
You believe that because what you're earning
Your life's good, don't you know that it's hurting?
All the people that love you, don't cast them aside
All the men that are constantly drooling
It's no life for you, stop all that screwing
You're packing your bags, you're coming with me
1Embed