Worry, Worry LyricsWorry worry worry
Worry is all I can do
Oh worry worry worry baby
Worry is all I can do
Oh my life is so miserable baby
Baby, and its all on account of you

You hurt me so bad baby
When you said we were through
Oh you hurt me
You know you hurt me so bad baby
When you said we were through
Oh but I would rather be dead baby
Then to be here so alone and blue
Someday baby
Oh someday baby
Oh! someday baby
Oh! oh! oh oh yes
Oh! someday baby

Yes someday, baby
When the blood runs cold in my veins
Someday, baby
When the blood runs cold in my veins
You know you won't be able to hurt me no more baby
'Cause my heart won't feel no pain


[Skit presents on Live in County Jail, 1971]

Ladies. I said Ladies! Ladies, if you got a man and the man don't do like you think he should... ladies, you don't hurt 'im. I said you don't hurt him! Men happens to be God's gift to women! So, ladies, you must know that the man is already grown so you can't raise him over again

So the thing to do is throw your arms around him! Hold him close to you! Look him straight in the eyes! And then you tell him... you tell him, you say "Now baby you been messing up, but I know you gonna do me better." and when he look at you as if he wanna know when, then you tell him..."someday baby". and if it seem like he's hard of hearing or not paying you much attention or something do like you ladies are known to do... Put your hands on your hips and then you say it again... Ow! He has to be a mighty hard hearted person not to listen to you

But I don't think it's fair to just talk to the ladies, I think I should say a few words to the men too. So, fellas... I said "Fellas"! Fellas if you got a woman and the lady don't do like you think she should, don't you be goin' upside of her head now. you know what i'm talkin' about, don't you be beatin' on her. The judgement's much cheaper if you don't beat her. and you see if you hurt her you only do one thing... I said if youhurt her you only do one thing! you make her a little smarter and she won't let you catch her the next time. so the thing to do is throw your arms around the pretty little thing! Now listen to me, listen to me... I don't care if she weigh thirty-two and a half pounds wet or five hundred and fifty pounds on her feet. If she's your lady and you dig her, than she's your pretty little thing... and then you tell her! You say "Baby! Baby, I don't care what they say about you on the next block, your my little lady and I dig you. let 'em talk, let 'em say what they want to say"

And fellas, you must know too that the ladies, god bless their sweet little souls, ladies happens to be God's gift to man too fellas. You all agreed? You better say it cause your wife is listening. But there's just one more thing I must say to you, fellas. Just one more thing. Don't be too proud to beg. I said don't be too proud to beg! If you have to fall down on your knees to let your woman know that you love her, go on down there! I can see some of you cats got dirty minds in the place this evening...what i'm tryin' to say, ladies, love to hear their men say "Baby, I love you!" don't you ladies? I said: ladies! Love to hear their men say "Baby, I love you!"
Don't you ladies? So fellas tell your lady that you love her! She might think you're lying though. Tell your lady that you love her even if you are lying

But seriously speaking, when I goof, when I goof I usually slide up to my woman and i look straight at her... I have to get my look first... I usually say I look like a little puppy begging for that last bone you been holding out on. I look straight at her and I say "Baby! Please forgive me, honey!" And then i wait a few minutes to see how she take it and then I say "Baby! Please forgive me, honey!" and then I stand back far enough so that when she swings, I can duck... and then I say "Baby! You know when I goofed last week, I was high". If she let me get away with that then I look at her real pitifull like this... Say "Baby! Honey, you know when you're high, it don't count". And then I tell her, I say "If you forgive me, honey, I'm gonna do better". And if she look at me as if she wanna know when, then I tell her "someday, baby"You might also likeEmbed