Just Don’t Bite It LyricsGod damn, now lick my balls, oh shit
 You like that?
Put 'em off
 It's good?
Ow, shit, godamn bitch you bit' my damn
Shit I said suck the mothafucka, you're bitin' it, shit!

Has this ever happened to you?
Does her teeth get in the way while she's sucking your dick?
Does she know how to suck a dick?
Well, I had that same problem until my bitch went out and bought N.W.A's new book entitled "The Art of Sucking Dick"
Lesson 1 - First you grab the dick
Next you gently lick it up and down, then insert it into the mouth
Take it slow, don't rush it, and before you know it ..
SPLASH!

It goes one for the treble (treble), two for the bass (bass)
She got nut all over her face
Kick kick it ...

Slow is the tempo, and Ren is gonna flow
As I produce and illustrate you to a ho
Caught on the late night, stomping on the base-pipe
She's a hype to get you on the late flight
But back in school she was a cutie, yo
Then after graduation started giving up the booty
In school, stuck up, hair in a feather
Every time I asked her for the time
It was never ever what she would talk to the Ren I'm sayin'
I wanted a date, she wouldn't even be my friend
But now in the 1990's, I be praying that the bitch don't find me
Cause she's got a gang o' kidz, nappy-heads and all dirty
And she's getting pimped by a nigga that's thirty
I saw her hanging in an alley
Braggin' to her friends how she's ho'in' in the valley
All by herself, doin' on the ho stroll
Comin back home late night with the bankroll
You know a bitch like that makes me sick
But I've heard that she sucks a good dick!
You might also like
It's the world's biggest dick
Don't matter just don't bite it
It's the world's biggest dick
Don't matter just don't bite it
"What do you want me to do with it?"
Don't matter just don't bite it
She swallowed it (yeah)

At a high school dance, me and the niggas bailed in
I saw her sittin' with her friends, with the clan
So sexy, thought she was all that
She wouldn't even look at us because we wore the black hat
She was a stuck-up bitch on the public floor
But an instant prostitute behind closed doors
On the streets she's a late night feature
Walking home from school, I saw her sucking a nigga's dick under the bleachers
She saw me and she ran and tried to hide her face
But a bitch full of nut couldn't escape in the chase
A disgrace, If I ever ever saw one
There wasn't a nigga on the block late at night not getting done
So she begged me not to tell a soul
Then I said of course, cause my dick, yo, it's harder than a totem pole
Then again it don't concern me
Cause there's a slight chance if I fuck she might burn me
And then I might have to shoot the ho
I mean check her with the quickness just to let her know
But to prevent from getting sick
I would just prefer to let her come and suck my dick
It's the world's biggest dick
Don't matter just don't bite it
It's the world's biggest dick
Don't matter just don't bite it
"What do you want me to do with it?"
But does she suck a good dick?
Don't matter just don't bite it
She swallowed it (yeah)

Now I was at a club on a late late Sunday
Peeping at the bitches 'till the next day Monday
Had a couple of drinks, so I was feeling good
And suddenly I saw this bitch  that lives in my neighborhood
She went to church every week so now I lucked up
She was at the end of the bar gettin' fucked up
Back at the house she would bitch n' be ignoring
And when she start to talk the ho' was kinda boring
Yo, but now I got 'til dawn, see
Now she's dancing on the floor with a skirt and no panties on
Shaking that ass like a salt shaker
I already got my plans
Just while I'm a take her to a room
But yo I mean a restroom
And stick my dick in her mouth like a wet broom
So I grab her hand and she's wit' it
But when she turns sober, she'll never admit it
So while she's drunk I'd better get it quick
And see for myself if she sucks a good dick

It's the world's biggest dick
Don't matter just don't bite it
It's the world's biggest dick
Don't matter just don't bite it
"What do you want me to do with it?"
Don't matter just don't bite it
"It's the big dick and I want it sucked"
She swallowed it (yeah)
It's the world's biggest dick
Don't matter just don't bite it
It's the world's biggest dick
Don't matter just don't bite it
But does she suck a good dick?
Don't matter just don't bite it
She swallowed it

"So there you have it - a job well done (She swallowed it)
But for now let me get back to what I was doing" (She swallowed it)
Get it
What the fuck suck this dick bitch
Yeah, here comes
Ooh shit, goddamn
(You like that?)
Goddamn
Get it all baby, get it all
Suck this dick, suck this dick, suck this dick for daddy baby
(You like that too?)
Suck this dick
You know you like it
Suck it
Now, now, now, now, oh she swallowed it
She swallowed, oh shit, get it all, get it all, suck this dick, suck this dick, suck this dick for daddy, hey! Haha!
Wait till I tell the fellas how you sucked this dick
Hey, matter of fact, I want you to suck Dre's dick
Then I want you to suck Yella dick
You already sucked Ren's dick
"YOU BOYS ARE DISGUSTING!"
Just suck my dick bitch2Embed