Public Enemy No. 1 Lyrics

Yo Chuck, bust a move man
I was on my way up here to the studio, you know what I'm saying?
And this brother stopped me and asked me, "Yo, what's up with that brother Chuckie D, he swear he nice?"
I said, "Yo, the brother don't swear he nice, he knows he's nice", you know what I'm saying?
So Chuck, we got a feeling you turning into a Public Enemy, man
Now remember that line you was kicking to me on the way out to L.A. Laurelton Queens while we was in the car on our way to the shop?
Well yo, right now, kick the bass for them brothers and let 'em know... What, goes, on!
What goes on? Well...
I'm all in, put it up on the board
Another rapper shot down from the mouth that roared
One, two, three, down for the count
The result of my lyrics, oh yes, no doubt
Cold rock rap, forty-niner supreme
Is what I choose and I use, I never lose to a team
'Cause I can go solo like a Tyson bolo
Make the fly girls wanna have my photo
Run in their room, hang it on the wall
In remembrance that I rocked them all
Suckers, ducks, ho-hum emcees
You can't rock the kid, so go cut the cheese
Take this application of rhymes like these
My rap's red hot, hundred ten degrees
So don't start bassing, I'll start placing
Bets on that you'll be disgracing
You and your mind from my beating from my rhymes
A time for a crime that I can't find
I'll show you my gun, my Uzi weighs a ton
Because I'm Public Enemy number one

One, one, one
One, one, one, one!
(One, one, one, hoo-hah!)
You might also like
You got no rap, but you want to battle
It's like having a boat, but you've got no paddle
'Cause I never pause, I say it because
I don't break in stores, but I break all laws
Written while sitting, all bidding not hidden
Giving me the juice that you're not getting
I'm not a law obeyer, so you can tell your mayor
I'm a non-stop, rhythm rock, poetry sayer
I'm the rhyme player, the ozone layer
A battle what? Here's a bible, start your prayer
This word to the wise is justified
If they ask you what happened, just admit you lied
You just got caught up for going out of order
And now you're serving football teams their water
You messed with the Master, word to Chuck
And I waxed cold taxed, make sure you got dunked
You just got dissed, all but dismissed
Sucker duck emcees, you get me pissed
It's no fun being on the run
Because they got me Public Enemy number one

One, one, one
One, one, one, one!
Don't you know, don't you know
I got a posse of a force to back me up
Watch out, we got mettle to match
Ambush attack on my back, double-team you get creamed
So we have it, so you won't catch
Wanna hear it again? We got a force, enemy down
The L.I. circuit sound
And Chuckie D, myself, and K-Jee
Flavor, DJ Melo-D
Oh yes, I presume it's the tunes that make us groom
To make all the ladies swoon
But it's also the words from our direction, the homeboy section
Kicking like Bruce Lee's "Chinese Connection"
On stereo, never ever mono
On wax, yes, I'm talking about vinyl
They said "Stop! Freeze!", I got froze up
Because I'm Public Enemy number one

One, one, one
One, one, one
One, one, one!
For all you

Suckers, liars, your cheap amplifiers
Your crossed up wires are always starting fires
You grown up criers, now here's a pair of pliers
Get a job like your mother, heard she fixes old dryers
You have no desires, your father fixes tires
You try to sell your equipment but you get no buyers
It's you they never hire, you're never on flyers
'Cause you and your crew is only known as good triers
Known as the poetic, political, lyrical son
I'm Public Enemy number one

One, one, one
One, one, one
One, one, one!

Yeah, that's right Chuck, man
That's what you gotta do
You gotta tell 'em just like that, you know what I'm saying
'Cause yo man, let me tell you a little something man
These brothers running around, hard headed
They get a little jealous, you know what I'm saying
Just like that, you know, they're trying to bring you down with them
But yo Chuck, you got to let them know who's who in the world to be
You got to let them know, that this is the 80's
And we can get all the ladies
And in the backyard we got a fly Mercedes
And that's the way the story goes
That's just the way the story goes
Let me tell you a little something man4Embed