Stay Lyrics

(Staaaaaaaay...)

(Staaaaaaaay...) Oooh-oooh-ooooh-ooooooh
Oooh-oooh-ooooooh, ooh-ooooh...
Staaaaaaaay... Oooh-oooh-ooooh-ooooooh
Oooh-oooh-ooooooh, ooooh-ooh-oh...
Peace to the Five Percenters, online engine inventors
Shout to them niggas, family men, bringing home dinners
Watch out for desperate lonely women, hurt your happy home
Miserable and alone, kissable, nice to bone
She not the type deserving of a throne
Her beauty is her curse, she fuck for shoes and a purse
Make me a movie first, can watch you on my phone
I shop in Barcelona, I spend some nights in Rome
Feel like a Knight from England
That's what I named my son, Knight
He was born to be one, that's how my game was won
White 740 Bimmer, licked by an angel's tongue
I'm living dangerous son, she got a man, a famous one
Honey be pocket watching, she got a lot of options
Hard to make up her mind deciding which baller to rock with
Hot to death, slim pickings but I'm not impressed
She got the hottest sex, so I guess I'ma just.. stay

(Staaaaaaaay...) Oooh-oooh-ooooh-ooooooh
Oooh-oooh-ooooooh, ooh-ooooh...
Staaaaaaaay... Oooh-oooh-ooooh-ooooooh
Oooh-oooh-ooooooh, ooooh-ooh-oh...

Even though I don't like you
Next Friday night can't wait to fight you
Locked up I would knife you, don't fuck with you
Last month I even bucked at you, you got locked
I felt bad, wait do I got love for you?
I might kill you but do I got love for you?
I want you dead under six feet of soil
At the same time, want you here to witness me while you in misery
We hate each other but it's love, what a thug mystery
Years ago they ate the hearts of a slain enemy
We enemies but your hatred could never enter me
Some seek fame cause they need validation
Some say hating is confused admiration
Spotlight on me, I still look twenty
Still get money, lady killer pushing a Bentley
Maybe niggas could see too much of they failures
Through a nigga who realer
I don't like you near bruh, but I need you to.. stay
You might also like
(Staaaaaaaay...) Oooh-oooh-ooooh-ooooooh
Oooh-oooh-ooooooh, ooh-ooooh...
Staaaaaaaay... Oooh-oooh-ooooh-ooooooh
Oooh-oooh-ooooooh, ooooh-ooh-oh...16Embed