Runnin’ (Dying to Live) Lyrics
Between you and Biggie it was like, who's gon’—who’s gon’— who rules the nigga kingdom and shit, basically, you know what I'm saying? I was like, this is like a fucking
It is that
Election. It’s an election and shit
It is that
You know what I am saying?
Me and Biggie's situation is smaller than that. Me and Biggie’s situation is like…
You know, I wonder if they'll laugh when I'm dead
Why am I fighting to live if I'm just living to fight?
(You don't know?)
Why am I trying to see when there ain't nothing in sight?
Why am I trying to give when no one gives me a try?
Why am I dying to live if I'm just living to die?
Check it, I grew up a fuckin' screw-up
Got introduced to the game, got a ounce and fuckin' blew up
Choppin' rocks overnight
The nigga Biggie Smalls tryna turn into the black Frank White
We had to grow dreads to change our description
Two cops is on the milk box missin'
Show they toes, you know they got stepped on
A fistful of bullets, a chest full of Teflon
Run from the police, picture that
Nigga, I'm too fat, I fuck around and catch a asthma attack
That's why I bust back, it don't faze me
When he drop, take his Glock and I'm Swayze
Celebrate my escape, sold the Glock, bought some weight
Lay back, I got some money to make, motherfucker

You know, I wonder if they'll laugh when I'm dead
Why am I fighting to live if I'm just living to fight?
Why am I trying to see when there ain't nothing in sight?
Why am I trying to give when no one gives me a try?
Why am I dying to live if I'm just living to die?
(It's on me)
But still I'm havin' memories of high speed when the cops crashed
As I laugh, pushin' the gas while my Glocks blast
We was young and we was dumb, but we had heart
In the dark, will we survive through the bad parts?
Many dreams is what I had, and plenty wishes
No hesitation in extermination of these snitches
Envious bitches, they still continue to pursue me
A couple of movies, now the whole world's tryna screw me
Even the cops tried to sue me, so what can I do?
But stay true, sippin' 22's of brew
And now media is tryna test me
Got the press askin' questions, tryna stress me
Misery is all I see, that's my mind state
My history with the police will shake the crime rate
My main man had two strikes, slipped, got arrested, and flipped
He screamed "Thug Life!" and emptied the clip
Got tired of runnin' from the police
You might also like
You know, I wonder if they'll laugh when I'm dead
Why am I fighting to live if I'm just living to fight?
Why am I trying to see when there ain't nothing in sight?
Why am I trying to give when no one gives me a try?
Why am I dying to live if I'm just living to die?

They wanted a new regime. And my regime includes East coast, includes West coast

I was more shocked than anything
You know what I'm sayin'?
But I wasn't more shocked of him dying
I was more shocked of him… Pac is a strong dude, yo
I know dude, you know what I'm sayin'? Real strong
So when they was like he got shot, I was just more like, "Again?" you know what I'm sayin'?
He always getting shot, or shot at
He going to pull through this one again
Make a few records about it, and it's going to be over
You know what I'm sayin'?
But when he, when he died, I was just like, "whoa", you know what I'm saying? Kinda took me by
I mean, even though we was going through our drama
I would never wish death on nobody
You know what I'm sayin'?
Because there ain't no coming back from that91Embed