Da Art of Storytellin’ (Pt. 1) Lyrics
Somebody hit me the other day for a rendezvous
Was it the bitch that fucked the Goodie and the Dungeon Crew?
Let's say her name was Suzy Skrew 'cause she screwed a lot
Makin' a nigga hit that chonk at legitimate spots
Not no parks, backseats, or things of that nature
Had to hate ya, playa
I'm dickin' the ho down — never said I paid her
Straight laid her, slayed the bitch like Darth Vader, made her
From College Park and Fayette all the way down to Decatur
Like Jada, her wig was sharp and sporty — that was shawty
Safe as a snake on eggs in a Bimmer 840
It's foggy, I went to the crib to call her but she lost me
My baby mama beeped me, seven o'clock, it's gonna cost me
But I still wanna cut her, though — maybe she had to work?
I caught her in the mall, wearin' a real tight skirt
She was fine as fuck — I wanted to sex the ho up
She said, "Let's hit the parking lot so I can sick your duck"
I said, "Cool, I really wanted to cut you but this'll do
I gotta pick up my daughter, plus my baby mama beeped me, too"
She said she understood and everythin' was kosher
I gave her a Lil' Wil CD and a fuckin' poster
It's like that, now
It's like that, now
You better go on and get the hump up out your back now
It's about fo' or five cats off in my 'Lac now
We just shoot game in the form of story raps now (Yeah)
It's like that now, t's like that now

Now Suzy Skrew had a partner named Sasha... Thumper
I remember her number like the summer
When her and Suzy, yeah, they threw a slumber
Party, but you can not call it that 'cause it was slummer
Well, it was more like spend the night
Three in the mornin', yawnin', dancin' under street lights
We chillin' like a villain, and a nigga feelin' right
In the middle of the ghetto on the curb, but in spite of all the bullshit
We on our back, starin' at the stars above (Aww, man)
Talkin' bout what we gonna be when we grow up (Mm)
I said, "What you wanna be?" She said, "Alive"
It made me think for a minute, then looked in her eyes
I coulda died, time went on, I got grown
Rhyme got strong, mind got blown
I came back home to find lil' Sasha was gone
Her mama said she with a nigga that be treatin' her wrong (Man)
I kept on singin' my song and hopin' at a show
That I would one day see her standin' in the front row
But two weeks later, she got found in the back of a school
With a needle in her arm, baby two months due
Sasha Thumper
You might also like
It's like that now
You better go on and get the hump up out your back now
It's about fo' or five cats off in my 'Lac now
We just shoot game in the form of story raps now
It's like that now, it's like that now
It's like that now
You better go on and get the hump up out your back now
It's about fo' or five cats off in my 'Lac now
We just shoot game in the form of story raps now
It's like that now, it's like that now

Grandmama: Keisha, Keisha! Cut that loud mess off, you hear all that thunderin' and lightnin', and get off that telephone!
Keisha: Ugh, alright
Child 1: Grandmama, what’s all that noise?
Child 2: I’m scared
Grandmama: Baby, don’t be scared. It's gonna be alright. It’s just the Lord doin' His work, okay?36Embed