Gone Lyrics
God will never put you in a situation that you can't handle
But you can definitely put yourself in a situation you can't handle
And some situations lead to death
Death is a mothafucker...ya dig?

Old timer want the block back, stop that
"You been gone too long", the young nigga said
Lord knows, whats going through this young nigga's head
As the old timer stood and grilled him
Peeled off, shorty looked at his man
Touched his burner like "I should've killed him"
Shorty in deep, but he don't care
But he don't know, these old timers don't play fair(Nah)
There he go, postin' on his strip again
Toast on him, niggas with him, posted on his shit again
(Uh-Oh) He acting like it can't and it won't happen
Old Timer 'bout to blow dust off that old cabinet
(Dust,Dust,Dust...) Where them guns is kept
These young niggas better show some respect (respect)
"I'll teach 'em a lesson", he said to his self
As he proceeded to pull the lead from his shelf
Now he headed towards Shorty block, forty cocked
On his zip, on his shit, like he don't care who Shorty wit
But somebody saw him, before he got to Shorty
Shorty phone ring, somebody called him
Somebody warned him, "He's coming, he's coming!"
Shorty replied, "Somebody stall him!"
Then he crept up wit his goons and guns
Whispered in the Old Timer's ear, death's soon to come
They say hell is hot
Well, is heaven cold?
Know one ever knows til you Gone, gone, gone
And when you gone does your soul drift off to a better place
Or do you just forever fade
Away,away,away,away...like a bird when it's headed towards the sky, huh?
Or do you just die, huh?
Or do you just perish from the earth and if so, why?

Baddest bitch up on the block
Probably make a nigga cum as soon as she get up on the cock
She fuck with Tony don't she? (don't she)
Oh he's, not your average drug dealer, fa sho he's
Being watched by police, feds
Investigators, oh--can't forget the haters
Homegirl ain't got a clue what he do for a living
She just think she got a dude with a pension
She don't know this dude is a henchman
And he moves on dudes with the cruelest intentions
All she know she got a brand new Benz
And it's big enough for her and all her brand new friends (Damn)
There she go, all through the street with it
Dude in and outta town, she all through the street with it
We all know the street talk, we all know the street listen
Next day, she's missing....
(music stops, phone rings twice)
(man speaks)"Hello?"
(man on phone)"Hey nigga, I got yo bitch. Have a million sent up or she dead!"
(music resumes)
Damn--she in deep shit, and she did nothing!
I bet you she ain't see this coming, but he did
Cause he did nothing, he ain't pay (pay)
He told 'em keep that bitch, he okay
He got a wife and a kid, back home
And he don't care about the life that she live (Damn)
Now that's wrong (wrong)
But the story ain't over it drags on (aw man what happened next?)
They wind up beating her down
Breathless, he winds up fleeing the town, to the next bitch...
You might also like

And um, I say that to say this, a lot of people don't appreciate life until they're gone
I mean, a lot of situations can be avoided, you just gotta avoid 'em, ya dig?
These are just a few stories, man...there's a lot more where they come from
Just don't be one of them people I'm talking bout, ya know....Embed