Three MC’s and One DJ Lyrics
Hey, yo, Adam what's up? This is Mix Master Mike. I'm calling from Sacramento. Umm, I've been wanting to hook up with you maybe on some tracks. I've got some shit right here. If you could...
I set my turntable to a wah wah pedal. It's called the tweak scratch
Cause nobody can do it like Mix Master can

Come on now
I've got the D double-O D double-O style
Here we go again because it's been a while
Do me a favor, don't touch that dial
I rock from Manhattan to the Miracle Mile
My name is Mike D, and I'm the ladies choice
You'll wanna get next to me in Rose Royce (Royce)
Y'all gather round to hear my golden voice
Cause when its time to rhyme, you know I get noice (voice)

He's cruising like a fan boat on the glade
He'll tweak your ass across the cross fade
So watch your back when he takes the stage (stage) (woo!)
Or he'll send you off on a naked rampage

Three MC's and one DJ
We be getting down with no delay
Mix Master Mike, what'cha got to say?
("Bug out!" "To!" "The mic" "All the time!")

Sweet and sour like a tangerine
Fresh like a box of Krispy Kreme
Kenny Rogers' "Gambler" is my gambling theme
Mix Master Mike with the scratch routine

Always up in in it and in the know (know)
You know we break it down going toe to toe
The bass is booming from down below
Ed Norton is chillin with Mario (woo-wee!)
You might also like
Well, my name is Adrock, I'm a Scorpio
Don't ask me cause I just don't know
I'm known to mop, I'm known to glow (glow)
But don't get mad when we gots to go

Three MCs and one DJ
We be getting down with no delay
Mix Master Mike, what'cha got to say?
("Gotta, gotta," "Gotta get down!")
Mix Master, cut faster
Mix Master, cut-cut, cut faster!

All top secret and classified ('fied)
I grab a hold of a mic and let the words glide
It's all hypnotic and sanctified (woo-wee!)
I never wanna let a bad day slip by

Now we be getting stupid in your area (huh?)
Causing all kinds of hysteria ('steria)
My beats is sick like malaria
But don't worry, I'll take care of ya
Me and Adam, Adam, and Mario C
In the studio with the place to be
To all the party people who are happy and free (free)
With Mix Master Mike, we're making history

Three MC's and one DJ
We be getting down with no delay
Mix Master Mike, what'cha got to say?
("God damn, that DJ made my day")

("You came off with that one, Joe
Oh, my goodness")2Embed