Get ’Em Out by Friday Lyrics
"Get 'em out by Friday!
You don't get paid till the last one's well on his way
Get 'em out by Friday!
It's important that we keep to schedule, there must be no delay."

"I represent a firm of gentlemen who recently purchased this house and all the others in the road
In the interest of humanity we've found a better place for you to go-go-go."

"Oh no, this I can't believe
Oh Mary, they're asking us to leave."
"Get 'em out by Friday!
I've told you before, 's good money gone if we let them stay
And if it isn't easy
You can squeeze a little grease and our troubles will soon run away."

"After all this time, they ask us to leave
And I told them we could pay double the rent
I don't know why it seemed so funny
Seeing as how they'd take more money
The winkler called again, he came here this morning
With four hundred pounds and a photograph of the place he has found
A block of flats with central heating
I think we're going to find it hard."

"Now we've got them!
I've always said that cash cash cash can do anything well
Work can be rewarding
When a flash of intuition is a gift that helps you excel-sell-sell-sell."

"Here we are in Harlow New Town, did you recognise your block
Across the square, over there
Sadly since last time we spoke, we've found we've had to raise the rent again
Just a bit."
You might also like
"Oh no, this I can't believe
Oh Mary, and we agreed to leave."


This is an announcement from Genetic Control:
"It is my sad duty to inform you of a four foot restriction on
Humanoid height."

"I hear the directors of Genetic Control have been buying all the
Properties that have recently been sold, taking risks oh so bold
It's said now that people will be shorter in height
They can fit twice as many in the same building site
(they say it's alright)
Beginning with the tenants of the town of Harlow
In the interest of humanity, they've been told they must go
Told they must go-go-go-go."

"I think I've fixed a new deal
A dozen properties - we'll buy at five and sell at thirty four
Some are still inhabited
It's time to send the winkler to see them
He'll have to work some more."
"With land in your hand, you'll be happy on earth
Then invest in the Church for your heaven."Embed