The Dayz Of Wayback Lyrics
What we gonna do right here is go back

Now, this is some shit that's from the days of wayback
When niggas in Compton first started to jack
When the bitches wouldn't give you no pussy
If you wasn't sellin' drugs
So many bitches in my neighborhood got mugged
They always loved that shit, they want a nigga that's sellin' keys
But nowadays, they workin' at Mickey D's
But in the days of wayback, I couldn't be laid back
Because I needed ends and I made that
I get the nine from my nigga that he lend me and
Start robbin' muthafuckas just like Cowboys and Indians
Anythin' it took to get paid
A nigga like Ren already had the plan made
And I was in it to win it and not to lose
And shit'd start blowin' up once I lit the fuse
And police couldn't touch me because I was payin' 'em
But not with no money, yo, I was sprayin' 'em
And never get caught because nobody is snitch
But one hoe did, so Ren had to shoot the bitch!
Now she's in a coffin and my life is better off and
'Cause everybody knows who's the boss and
That black nigga that they call Ren
You fuck with me, you gotta fuck with a Mac-10!
So listen to me as I reminisce the days of wayback
So, check it out, y'all
It was once a time in the days of wayback
When niggas was gettin' jacked
In fact, it was when I used to pass through the
And kickin' ass through a muthafuckin' Compton Massacre
Now, let me tell you a little somethin' about Compton
When I was a kid and puttin' my bid in
Yo, Compton was like still water - just strictly calm
Now it's like muthafuckin' Vietnam
Everybody killin', tryin' to make a killin'
Niggas stealin', muthafuckas willin' to dealin'
With so many ways to come up
The average nigga didn't give a fuck
About another muthafucka in this game and
Claimin' what he claimin', livin' like he livin', killin' after killin'
Murder was a dirty job, to rob a dead man was the best plan
'Cause a dead man never ran
But now your best friend is your worst friend
Greed, kids to feed, make a me more some of what you holdin'
So, now your shit is stolen and you and your niggas start rollin'
Yo, to get your shit back ain't the word up
Muff? It's more murder, more murder, more murder
They wanna make you think that it's a crack thang or a black thang
Or some niggas in a muthafuckin' gang
But guns and money, they go together like the Ku Klux Klan
A nigga brung up and strung up
Why do I call myself a nigga you ask me?
Rememberin' the days that's past me
Yo, never givin' niggas a chance to rest
The ghetto is like a fuckin' survival test
And number one way for you to pass
Yo, get treated like a king and they'll crown your ass
They never in the wrong though so I made a song so
Muthafuckas would know
If your livin' situations make you wanna get a gat (a gat)
That's 'cause you livin' in the Dayz of Wayback...
You might also like
Surprise, niggas!
You don't think I could do it again, did ya?
Another album!
The jokes on you, Jack!
(Yeah! Yeah! Ha ha ha ha! We did it again) We did it again!6Embed