Dopeman (Remix) Lyrics
Yo Dre!!

It was once said by a man who couldn't quit
"Dopeman, please can I have another hit?"
The dopeman said, "Cluck, I don't give a shit
If your girl kneeled down, and suck my dick"
It all happened and the guy tried to choke her
Nigga didn't care, she ain't nothin' but a smoker
That's the way goes, that's the name of the game
Young brother gettin' over by slangin' 'caine
Gold around his neck in 14 K heaven
Bitches clockin' on his dick twenty-four/seven
Plus he's makin' money, keep the baseheads waitin'
Rollin' six-fo' wit the fresh ass Daytons
Livin' in Compton, California C-A
His uzi up yo' ass if he don't get paid
Nigga beggin' for credit, he's knockin' out teeth
Clockin' much dollars on the 1st and 15th
Big wad of money nuttin' less than a twenty
Yo you want a five-oh the dopeman's got plenty
To be a dopeman boy you must qualify
Don't get high off your own supply
From a ki' to a G it's all about money
10 piece for a champ, base pipe comes free
If people out there are not hip to the fact
If you see somebody gettin' money for crack
He's the
Dopeman, dopeman! (Ay man, give me a hit)
Dopeman, dopeman! (Yo man, fuck that shit!)
Dopeman, dopeman! (We just can't quit!)
Dopeman, dopeman! (Well suck this, bitch!)

Wait a minute, wait a minute
Who the fuck are you talkin' to?
Do you know who the fuck I am?
Man I can't believe this shit
This bitch is tryin' to gank me
Yo I oughta slap you upside yo' head
With nine inches of limp dick

You need a nigga with money so you get a dopeman
Juice that fool for as much as you can
She like his car, and he get wit her
Got a black eye cause the dopeman hit her
Let that slide and you pay it no mind
Find that he's slappin' you all the time
But that's okay, cause he's so rich
And you ain't nuttin' but a dopeman's bitch
Do what he say and you keep your mouth shut
Poppin' that trash might get you fucked up
Well sit and cry, if the dopeman strike you
He don't give a fuck he got two just like you
There's another girl in the dopeman's life
Not quite a bitch but far from a wife
She's called "Strawberry" and everybody know
Strawberry, Strawberry is the neighborhood ho
Do anything for a hit or two
Give the bitch a rock she fucked the whole damn crew
It might be your wife and it might make you sick
Come home and see her mouth on the dopeman's dick
Strawberry, just look and you'll see her
But don't fuck around she'll give you gonorrhea
If people out there are not hip to the fact
Strawberry is a girl sellin' pussy for crack
To the
You might also like
Dopeman, dopeman! (Ay man, give me a hit)
Dopeman, dopeman! (Yo man, fuck that shit!)
Dopeman, dopeman! (In yo' face)
Dopeman, dopeman! "Yo Dre!! Kick in the bass!!"

If you smoke 'caine, you a stupid motherfucker
Known around the hood as the schoolyard clucker
Doin' that crack with all the money you got
On your hands and knees, searchin' for a piece of rock
Jonesin' for a hit, and you're lookin' for mo'
Done stole the Alpine out of Eazy's six-fo'
You need your ass whupped cause it's out of this earth
To get a ten-piece need a dollar fifty work
Knucklehead nigga, yeah you turned into a crook
But swear up and down boy that you ain't hooked
You beat your friend up, and you whupped his ass long
Cause he hit the pipe til the rock was all gone
You robbin' and stealin', buggin' and illin'
While the dopeman's dealin', what is healin' yo' pain
Cocaine, this shit's insane
Yo E she's a berry, let's run a train
(Man, I wouldn't touch that bitch) me neither
Ho go home and wash out your beaver
And niggas out there messin' up people's health
Yo, what the fuck you gotta say for yourself?
Well I'm the dopeman, yeah boy, I wear courderoy
Money up to here but unemployed
You keep smokin' that rock and my pockets gettin' bigger
(Yo, got that five-oh double up nigga!)
Yeah high rollin', big money I'm foldin'
Bitch on my tip for the dick I'm holdin'
Sprung strawberry jockin' me so early
Ho you wanna hit you gotta get your knees dirty
Now that's my life, that's how it's cut
"Hey dopeman!" Bitch, shut the fuck up!
Gotta make a run, it's a big money deal
Gankers got the fake but you can get the real
From the

Dopeman, dopeman! (Yeah that's me)
Dopeman, dopeman! (Yo can I get a G?)
Dopeman, dopeman! (Clock as much as he can)
Fuck this shit who am I? THE DOPEMAN!

Yo Mr. Dopeman, you think you're slick
You sold crack to my sister, and now she's sick
But if she happens to die, because of your drug
I'm puttin' in your culo, a .38 slug6Embed