Domino (Part 1 & 2) LyricsPart 1: In the Glow of the Night
The grey of evening fills the room
There's no need to look outside
To see or feel the rain
Then I reach across to touch her
But I know that she's not there
Rain keeps running down the window pane
Time is running out for me
Can't you see what you are doing to me?
Can't you see what you have done?
As I try to pass another long and sleepless night
A hundred crazy voices call my name
As I try to pass them by
I almost can believe that she is here
Here in the glow of the night
Do you know what you have done?
Do you know what you've begun?
Do you see we shall never be together again?
All of my life
Lonely people, empty rooms
And all the pointless violence, silent tombs
Could it be that we shall be together again?
Sheets of double glazing help to keep outside the night
Only foreign city sirens can cut through
Nylon sheets and blankets help to minimize the cold
But they can't keep out the chilling sounds
Will the nightmare soon give way to dreaming
That she is here with me?
Here in the glow of the night
Do you know what you have done?
Do you know what you've begun?
Do you see we shall never be together again?
All of my life
Lonely people, empty rooms
And all the pointless violence, silent tombs
Could it be that we shall be together again?
Could it be that we shall be together again?
You might also likeIn silence and darkness
We held each other near that night
We prayed it would last forever
Part 2: The Last Domino
Blood on the windows
Millions of ordinary people are there
They gaze at the scenery
They act as if it is perfectly clear
Take a look at the mountains
Take a look at the beautiful river of blood
The liquid surrounds me
I fight to rise from this river of hell
I stare 'round about me
And children are swimming and playing with boats
Their features are changing
Their bodies dissolve and I am alone
Now see what you've gone and done
Now see what you've gone and done
Well now you never did see such a terrible thing
As you've seen last night on the T.V
Maybe if we're lucky, they will show it again
Such a terrible thing to see - oh
But there's nothing you can do when you're next in line
You've got to go, domino
Now I'm one with the living and I'm feeling just fine
I know just what I gotta do
Play the game of happiness and never let on
That it only lives on in a song - oh
Well there's nothing you can do when you're next in line
You've got to go, domino
Do you know what you have done?
And do you know what you've begun?
In silence and darkness
Hold each other near tonight
For will it last forever?
Will it last forever?
Forever...
There's nothing you can do when you're the next in line
You've got to go, domino
Do you know, do you know, do you know what you have done?
Do you see what you've begun?
Cos there's nothing, nothing, nothing
There's nothing you can do, there's nothing you can do
Do you see, do you see what you have done?Embed