Prelude Lyrics
The motherfucking saga continues

All hail to those believin in the real gangsta shit
Cause when it comes to the real niggas
It makes the shit that much harder to deal with

Yeah, Above The Law up in this motherfucker
"Black Mafia" for life
Down with the real niggas for life! Ha ha
Yo Sweet Talk, tell 'em what the fuck we here for!
Well alright y'all, USC, Compton, Watts
The Woods! All across the motherfuckin USA
Ye though I walk through the the valley of real niggas
I should fear no man or motherfuckin Klan, hear me one
Cause I been to the mountaintops, y'all
And I done seen through the eyes of a real nigga
(Yo, what you think about the real niggas 187?)

Yo, they make some of the coooooooolest shit I done never heard!

Yo, for me Km.G I must give it up
To the Ruthless motherfuckin gangsters
Fear no mob!

Because you're scared mon, you're scared!
Dem de pussy runnin at y'all scared mon
Bend dem silly bumba claat barber 'til de pussy claat run
BO! BO! BO! BO! BO! Keep Baby-lon on the run, seen!

The real niggas is back, cause there's too many bullshit records out
Niggas fiendin for what we put out
But you don't have to wait no longer
Because the new album is out and the shit is much stronger
So many groups made three albums or more
And that weak-ass shit is still sittin in the record store
They wonder why it never sold
Niggas rappin since the 70's and still never went gold
Our first record sold two million copies
That's because you other motherfuckers are sloppy
You came out street and crossed over
And after that your career is fuckin over
Because of that you're not around
So shut the fuck up and witness the sound of some real niggas
You might also like
Yeah, motherfuckers!
Keepin' all you busters on the run in '91
Kick that shit, Ren

Most niggas can't understand
And never will if they ain't part of the Ruthless mafia clan
Niggas is dedicated to the streets
With hype fuckin lyrics and the dope-ass beats
The songs will never come soft, because I come off
So don't get in my way cause motherfucker you'll get cut off
And it's somethin you can move your lips to
To wrap around my dick and suck if it fits you
And let me now if you wanna ride the D-I-C-K
All day that's with no play
Cause ain't no rap group out that I know
That make me wanna listen to the radio
All I hear is motherfuckers tryin to make a comeback
With lovesongs, and that shit is wack
And that's why your ass ain't around
Cause you don't have the motherfuckin sound
Of a real nigga
(YEAH MOTHERFUCKERS!!!!)2Embed