Pink Cookies In a Plastic Bag Getting Crushed by Buildings Lyrics[Intro]
The act of makin' love is

[Hook]
Pink cookies in a plastic bag, gettin' crushed by buildings
Pink cookies in a plastic bag, gettin' crushed by buildings

[Verse 1]
I'll take thirty electric chairs and put 'em in a classroom
Thirty MC's and set 'em free from their doom
Just like a tomahawk cuts through the wind when we begin
The wheel of fortune, it spins
Holdin', the rhythm like elastic moldin'
Your whole body like plastic
So why try to deny what you already know ya love
Up above
Cause the mania, hysteria in the streets
While ya lovers gettin' merrier in the sheets
I met this lady named sweet young thing and
She gave me that feelin' that sunshine bring in
Hoardable, sportable, totally affordable
Silky smooth, voice was real audible
I said your cool as Ice Cube-a
She said, "you're that Public Enemy I seen on the tube-a."
Nah, I'm like your Uncle, baby
The style of your beautiful face drives me crazy
Well can we do ya so Heavy, I'm D?
She said, "You tried to play me like Big Daddy"
I said, "I know your Tribe I Called and re-Quested
For you to be manifested"
She said, "You know the Same Gang and my Flava Unit too?"
I said, "You only knew the certain things I wanna do, do you?"
Rub ya down with warm Ice-T
Make ya feel Brand Nubian instantly
Boogie Down and check this Production
Gimme them lips, they look good for suction
She said, "Sweet Tee's cool with a little almond joy
On the side just doin' the fly"
You like pound cake? Come to my house
Turn on the lights and see me on the couch
I said, "You're jinglin', you're from around the way
I like your earrings: two L's, but anyway...
Your grand-daddy is here to spread cheer
Somethin' nice and smooth with my tongue in your ear
Give me a snack some salt and pepper on a burger
Ice Cream Tea or if you prefer the
Taste of honey Kid, ride in my Capri and
That's the joint they got the real clear CD in
She said, "Stars couldn't get me in a car
I don't know what type of man ya are
You might know karate, do me and get away
I got a glimpse of your license plate, N-W-A"
[Hook]
Pink cookies in a plastic bag, gettin' crushed by buildings
Pink cookies in a plastic bag, gettin' crushed by buildings
Pink cookies in a plastic bag, gettin' crushed by buildings
Pink cookies in a plastic bag, gettin' crushed by buildings

[Verse 2]
She was chubby and ready to rock and Naughty By Nature and
Part of my private stock and
Ridin' in the relax
Frame of mind and
Hmm...
Hammer time'
Incredible
So edible
And unforgettable
Soft like a Q-Tip, I'd love to get with you
Cause I'm the type of guy that got props due
Feel it in mo and more
(Flushing) Ugh...
When I get ready for a showcase
Put together well
I go deep and have an oil well, show and tell
I said, "Yo-Yo! You're so intelligent
And elegant."
I neh never Run to be D with another MC
I got what I want right in front of me
I know a kid named K, he's a MD
Last time I heard Yo, was gettin' real friendly
Belly to belly and chest to chest
Thigh by thigh, leg by leg and I guess
Ain't no way to get ya out
Your so caught up S-E-X-U-A-L - sort
Of a freaky situation with a peppermint twist
Ricky or Mike is next on the list
Nastified and all-funkified
Come on, come on, come on, ride
Can you hear?
Never fear
What ya hear
What ya hear
Is it clear?
Understand
And love ya big dear
And I will appear
My dear
With a beer
And bags full of cheer
And waterbed... YEAH!
Cause I rumble and groan
She said, "You got to be bad to make the Monie moan."
Ain't no reason to front
On the way your life shown
Booyaa! How I'm jumpin' your bones
Like a Grandmaster in a Flash
Put out your cigarette and rest your tired ash
All I wanna do is make whoopie
Your my pink cookie
Not a wookie
When you take it off, I'd love a lookie
Cause I'mma mix it up toss style
Peace out, you got the sexual profile
You might also like[Hook]
Pink cookies in a plastic bag, gettin' crushed by buildings
Pink cookies in a plastic bag, gettin' crushed by buildings
Pink cookies in a plastic bag, gettin' crushed by buildings
Pink cookies in a plastic bag, gettin' crushed by buildingsEmbed