No Surrender Lyrics[Intro: DJ Drama]
And like that... we gone!
Failure's no option

[Chorus: Mr. Probz + (DJ Drama)]
You know, you know I got to get it
And my heart's still cold, beware the blizzard
We born to get money so we living
New calls to my phone, I'm like "who is it?"
Look 'round, stay down, the streets'll grab you
You came and you went, good not to have you
You're gone and moved on, don't remember (Banks!)
Same song, stay strong (Dram!), ain't no surrender
[Verse 1: Lloyd Banks]
Uh, feels like I'm in a dream
Check my Rollie few times a day
Sky's the limit, live it
Go tell niggas I found a way
Deep waters'll drown the prey, down you lay
Then up my name goes
Accept my trophy, same pose
Bank always open, can't close
Who wanna play?
Them bloggers got your ego tree high
You fucked some bitches, sold some records
Now you think you're me, huh
Sincerely be, I've given all of you
I'm sketching now, hope my doubters see my memorial
Over powering audio, storm showering all of you
By my lonely's my audible, slaughter through you recorder
Employer handle your order
Wanted man every corner
You came and went with the wind
Since when did you get that aura
Been getting money, can't no money change me
They love me 'round the world
Them boys ain't went nowhere but crazy
Party spinning, spitting on the one you call your lady
Every other day they on you
You've been rolling lately, uh
You might also like[Chorus: Mr. Probz]
You know, you know we got to get it
And my heart's still cold, beware the blizzard
We born to get money so we living
New calls to my phone, I'm like "who is it?"
Look 'round, stay down, the streets'll grab you
You came and you went, good not to have you
You're gone and moved on, don't remember
Same song, stay strong, ain't no surrender

[Verse 2: Lloyd Banks]
Uh, you wanna get to know me but these records done mess your views up
Running from what you're used to, you came to a nigga bruised up
Like you ain't know that I was sharp, must want a new cut
Manage to keep a bandage, so the plan is
Leave your love where your man is
Be above all the cameras, you're caught up in the high
And gon' be double damage, the partying leads to bullshit
Why you club with them hammers?
Money can't buy you love, you ain't got it then minds you manners
Honor is all that matters, how you do, how the fam is
You skipped the penitentiary, hallelujahs, and cannons
Pardon the rumors, they ram us
No opinion matters more than yours, believe in you
They hunger's scary, this is for those that gotta sleep it through
Through all the ups and downs you stuck around
'Til this day my cold flow fucks up the town
Get green, deuce up the crowd
I go to bed with my Nina, boo'd up and proud
Purple and green in my stream, shoot up with loud...
[Chorus: Mr. Probz]
You know, you know we got to get it
And my heart's still cold, beware the blizzard (my heart's so cold)
We born to get money so we living (yeah yeah)
New calls to my phone I'm like "who is it?" (Yeah yeah)
Look 'round, stay down, the streets'll grab you (stay down)
You came and you went, good not to have you (not to have you)
You're gone and moved on, don't remember (don't remember)
Same song, stay strong, ain't no surrender...1Embed