U a Bitch Lyrics[Intro: Pimp C interview]
"Pourin' mo' bottles with my family and uh, stackin' up paper this paper high as the uhh, you know? Ozone... you know, yeah already. You know, so that's what it's really about but uh, all this old shit here. If I wasn't rappin' I'd still be doin' this old shit here, you know? This ain't nothin' but materialistic, you know? Knowledge is power. I'm about makin' some money man, you know? Let's put this shit together, get some real paper."

[Verse 1: Bun B]
I been a real street nigga way longer than I remember
Grindin' on the block from January to December
I been in this game damn near since it began
With nothin' but reputation and skills with my hands (hands)
Know a whole 'lotta fools started when I did
Known for bein' fuck boys, pullin' some sly shit
Shoulda got laid out but somehow slid through
Extensions and bitches, nigga, I do not kid you (kid you)
Hit the highway with that work and got jammed up
Either tell on somebody or get you ten, slammed up
He ain't got the heart for it, so guess what he do?
He start recordin' for that part, mane, and tell on his crew
He was the boss of the operation, livin' it large (large)
Now he tellin' on the workers like they ass was in charge (charge)
Soon as the pressure's applied, you immediately switch (switch)
Man, just do us all a favor and stop bein' a bitch
You a bitch!
[Interlude: Pimp C interview]
"As far as the police was concerned, I had some problems with some laws, now. You know? I run into wrecks with laws that didn't like what I stood for or didn't like rap music or just didn't like black folks in general. Man, the Lord was lookin' after me this whole time. Every time there was one that was dangerous that could get me, I had five or six that was on my side that kept that... kept that motherfucker in check, man."

[Verse 2: Bun B]
I know a'lotta people locked up, sittin' in cells (cells)
Either for shit that they did or shit they didn't do well (well)
But for every cat that's locked up, definitely guilty (guilty)
There's another brother innocent in prison, you feel me? (feel me?)
See this country we live in is really all about the bottom line
And when they see these young black men, they see dollar signs
So prisons go from bein' run by the state
To a private industry, nigga, tell me, can you relate?
See when education in the schools is geared for the testin'
They can't keep up the fundin' 'cause kids can't keep up the lesson
They get frustrated with the process and head to the streets
And find some alternative ways to get 'em somethin' to eat
You got draconian laws in place that's mandated by the state
Probation terms you can't meet so you know you gon' violate
Now you makin' license plates, scratchin' the ten year itch
Your prison an industrial complex, man, stop bein' a bitch
You a bitch!

[Interlude: Pimp C interview]
"You see a lotta people in the penitentiary make statements like, "I ain't never comin' back here," you know? And I made statements when I was on the street that I was never goin'. So, I don't say never anymore. You don't know what, you don't know what's in store. What I will say is this, "I'ma stay positive out here. I'ma do the right thing." You know, I'm not gonna, uh, make no moves to put myself in the crosshairs where these people can just cross me out and [?]."

[Verse 3: Bun B]
This nigga told me he sold dope, I said "what do that mean?"
He said "I sell you some white or I could sell you some green" (green)
Gotta pocket full of pills and a cup of that lean (lean)
Man, I'm just keepin' it trill, I slap the hat off his bean (bean)
You niggas kill me runnin' 'round, talkin' 'bout you sell drugs (drugs)
Moved a couple quarter pounds now you swear you the plug? (plug)
Oh, my bad, you got them birds that fly away every month (month)
You keep them kis? Nigga please, why you tryna' front? (front)
See you can have all the coca leaves that they grow in Columbia
Then serve up all the snorters and the smokers and numb 'em up
With stacks up to the ceilin', big doggin' like you Marmaduke
Still won't see a tenth of the paper that big Pharma do
They don't care about the cure, they just wanna sell a treatment
Keep you alive by keepin' you high, now that's some street shit
Usin' people's pain for profit, gettin' rich
Hey yo, pharmaceutical companies, stop bein' a bitch
'Cause you a bitch!
You might also like[Outro: Pimp C interview]
"But, but at the same time, I ain't gon' let nobody hurt me. I'm not gon' let nobody hurt my family and I will kill you if you come around my kids with that bullshit."Embed