A$AP Forever Lyrics
Gang! Gang! Gang!
They talkin' down on my name, don't let 'em run off with the name
Man I just run with the gang, A$AP boys came with the flame
Gang! Gang! They talkin' down on the gang
They wanna rep with the name but this ain't no regular name
Gang! Gang! They tryna run with the name
I might pull up with 3K but I do not fuck with no Klans

Gang! Gang! Them boys not flexin' the same
I'm done with adjustin' to fame, pull up on your set, leave a stain
Gang! Gang! I tell her come fuck with the gang
I tell 'em don't fuck with the gang
It's time to fuck up the whole game!
Come fuck with the Mob, shout out to the Lords and the Gods
In love with my bitch 'cause she bi
My ice like the stars, I tell that bitch, "Cover your eyes
Cause smokin' with me, you go blind"
She losin' her mind, we kiss to Frank Ocean and Blonde
Convincin' my bitch to go blonde
Was born in the dark, I kill you, you open my blinds
On Yams and that's word to my moms
Margiela Madman with cases I'm still tryna beat
A bunch of shit from a long time ago
The bigger they are, the harder they fall
Like dominos, nigga, Geronimos
When it's my time to go, adiós, vámonos
Flacko no Dominicano but eat the tostones with plátanos
Dealing with life and its highs and lows
I'm just pimpin' like I'm supposed
I guess it's called livin', shit, I suppose
I'm on my live alone, die VLONE
Ain't talkin' 'bout spending or buyin' clothes
I'm 'bout my business but I'm alone
I still had the vision when I was broke
Fuckin' on bitches and foreign hoes
Flyin' out womens to boring shows
I pray to God I don't overdose
You might also like
I put A$AP on my tat
I put New York on the map
I put the gang on the flames
They gon' remember the name
They robbin' boys for the chains
I got Goyard by the sack
I got the boof by the pack
I fucked your boo on her back

Gang! Gang! Them boys not flexing the same
I'm done with adjusting to fame, pull up on your set, leave a stain
Gang! Gang! I tell her come fuck with the gang
I tell 'em don't fuck with the gang
It's time to fuck up the whole game! (Game, game, game, game)

Gang, gang
They tryna front on the gang, they gon' remember my name
True to truth somehow (Gang, gang)
But never truly lied at all, then and now
They tryna front on the gang
Truth somehow
Gang, A$AP boys come with the flame
But never truly lied at all, then and now
True to truth somehow
But never truly lied at all, then and now
True to truth somehow
But never truly lied at all, then and now
True to truth somehow
But never truly lied at all, then and now
True to truth somehow
But never truly lied at all, then and now
True to truth somehow
But never truly lied at all, then and now
In my dreams, I'm dying all the time
True to truth somehow
But never truly lied at all
Then I wake, it's kaleidoscopic mind
But never truly lied at all
But never truly lied at all, then and now
I never meant to hurt you (then and now)
I never meant to lie137Embed