Doctor’s Advocate Lyrics[Intro: The Game & Busta Rhymes]
(Day after day, feel like I...)
G: Yo Bus, I think I got it..the answer to all my problems
B: Fuck you talkin' about nigga? Wha-whats that?
G: Belvedere and Banana Snapple
B: Look, get your fuckin' ass up nigga
You over here trippin' on yourself nigga
Get in the fuckin' car man, we gotta bounce man
G: I'm a man...and most of these niggas, they don't know how to be a man. I got a son...
B: What the fuck you talkin' about nigga?
Come on nigga, lets take yo' ass to the crib man, you tired nigga
And put the drink down nigga. We gotta go nigga
G: One more shot
[Chorus: Shorty of Da Lench Mob]
I didn't mean to walk away
But I hear every word they say
I guess my mind just drew a blank, like la-la-la
Now I'm sittin' in this god damned cage
Rreminiscin' about my day with your blood all over my slate
As the devil sings la-la-la

[Verse 1: The Game]
Dre, I ain't mean to turn my back on you
But I'm a man, and sometimes a man, do what he gotta do
Remember, I'm from Compton too
I saw you and Eazy in 'em, so I started wearin' Khaki suits
I was 12 smokin' chronic, in '92
I had a choice, be like Mike, or be like you
I made a choice, now its be Crip or be Piru
Whatever I was, I was bangin' Gin & Juice
Never knew back then, I'd be friends with Snoop
Now I gotta keep it gangsta, 'cause its in my roots
So I owe you my life, when I betrayed you
I tried to think of what the fuck, Eminem might do
If every nigga hated him, for the Black Bitch track
And niggas stopped bumpin' Dre after Dee Barnes got slapped
When Doc say its a wrap, its a wrap
Its still Aftermath, and ain't nothing after that
You might also like[Chorus: Shorty of Da Lench Mob]
I didn't mean to walk away
But I hear every word they say
I guess my mind just drew a blank, like la-la-la
Now I'm sittin' in this god damned cage
Rreminiscin' about my day with your blood all over my slate
As the devil sings la-la-la

[Verse 2: The Game]
I never said Thank You, and I took for granted
You let me in your house, and made me a part of your family
Now I'm eatin' with you, Eve, and Busta Rhymes
I wasn't starstruck, I was just glad to be signed
And even though sometimes I run loose
You still my homeboy Doc, I'd take a bullet for you
I'm not askin' you to take my side in the beef
But you told me it was okay to say Fuck The Police
Now its my turn to carry the torch
And I still got the chain that you wore on the cover of The Source
Remember when we got drunk, to do Start From Scratch?
I told you, you was like a father to me I meant that
Sittin' here lookin' at my platinum plaques
Thinkin' what the fuck am I without a Doctor Dre track
When Doc say its a wrap, its a wrap
Its still Aftermath, and ain't nothin' after that
[Chorus: Shorty of Da Lench Mob]
I didn't mean to walk away
But I hear every word they say
I guess my mind just drew a blank, like la-la-la
Now I'm sittin' in this god damned cage
Rreminiscin' about my day with your blood all over my slate
As the devil sings la-la-la

[Verse 3: Busta Rhymes]
See when the world is on your shoulder and the stress grows bigger
The fire in 'em, made it difficult to talk to the nigga
Most of the time I let 'em know, I don't agree with what he do
But he a hardhead Dre, that's why I'm talkin' to you
See, when I first met my nigga, son was layin' in the cut
Type reserved, homie was quite and kept his mouth shut
Until you told him to spit for me, he flippin' from the gut
I dug his spirit, and I thought the dude was talented as fuck
As time went on, now he was workin' with the finest
I saw the pressure started to build, so I gave additional guidance
You gave him something that can make or break a nigga, you should face it
So big, I don't even think he was ready to embrace it
With the potential to be a strong nigga with conviction
The only problem was our little nigga wouldn't listen
But when Doc say its a wrap, it's a wrap
Its still Aftermath and ain't nothing after that

[Chorus: Shorty of Da Lench Mob]
I didn't mean to walk away
But I hear every word they say
I guess my mind just drew a blank, like la-la-la
Now I'm sittin' in this god damned cage
Rreminiscin' about my day with your blood all over my slate
As the devil sings la-la-la

[Outro: The Game & Busta Rhymes]
B: Aiyo, Game! Aiyo Game! Wake up, nigga!
G: I'm up man, I'm up
B: We at your crib, nigga, get the fuck out the car nigga, get up, man!
G: This ain't my house... my house is.. is green..
B: The fuck you talk- look, come on, nigga, let's go man
Let me walk you up to the.. come on...
B: Nigga where the keys at, nigga we need to open your door nigga!
G: I got love for you, Bus', you my nigga
B: Nigga get in the fuckin' bed nigga, go to sleep nigga You tired nigga and don't fucking drink like that no more, man
You fuckin' look like Ned the Wino, you drunk motherfucker
G: Just goin' to the studio
B: Go to sleep, nigga17Embed