Take ’Em to War Lyrics[Chorus]
Shit ain't never gonna change (Fuck it!)
Time to load the clips (Then we take 'em to war!)
Niggas wanna flip (Then we take 'em to war!)
Break a nigga proper (Then we break him some more!)

[Verse 1: MF Grimm]
I represent the murderers and felony offenders
Who even bought time out to get these legal tenders
(Surrender) Nah, I'm goin out with a bang nigga
Fuck Pataki I gotta do my thang nigga
Forty-four mag, bustin into action
Brains left in particles, fragments and fractions
Grimm, the money stacker, heat packer
I'm lurkin, I'm waitin, attackin' like a linebacker
Fuck what you heard, crime pays
And always, unorthodox, I hold my pistol sideways
We kill crews, hearts go numb
And if retaliation comes, then, yo, fuck it—it just comes
(Yo, who you?) I'm Dr. Death, motherfucker, ever heard of me?
Close your eyes, cross your fingers, time for surgery
I'm already dead, so, nah—you can't murder me
'Cause quantities of entities enter me evilly
[Chorus]
Shit ain't never gonna change (Fuck it!)
Time to load the clips (Then we take 'em to war!)
Niggas wanna flip (Then we take 'em to war!)
Break a nigga proper (Then we break him some more!)

[Verse 2: B1]
Since I murder for hire, rapid fire's what I require
Makin niggas perspire, so send a message through the wire
Cause violence is contagious, it got me bustin gauges
The '95 Larry Davis and I'm wettin niggas for wages
Queens is the home of 1, the known felon
And ain't no tellin, when I'mma crack your fuckin melon
For the right amount of chips, I spit clips and hit whips
Leavin niggas bloody, the leather seats is where the shit drips
With the pound-seven, I be creepin, rockin niggas while they sleepin
Shots repeatin, leavin faggot niggas leakin
When I cock back the iron, niggas is dyin, marchin to Zion
Cause the pound-cake, roars like a lion
Word son, niggas be collapsin, cause my weapons is
Ready for action, makin your heart catch contractions
In the underworld, shootin gallery niggas lose calories
Cause my salary's based on fatalities

[Chorus]
Shit ain't never gonna change (Fuck it!)
Time to load the clips (Then we take 'em to war!)
Niggas wanna flip (Then we take 'em to war!)
Break a nigga proper (Then we break him some more!)
You might also like[Verse 3: Kool G Rap]
Here I come to get some motherfuckin wreck but first I gotta
Umm vest check, gun check, clip one check, clip two check, I'm set
So let a motherfucker move a muscle
When I tussle they'll be piecin niggas back like fuckin puzzles
Cause Kool G. Rap is known for bringin mad noise, I'm bad boy
When I was younger always carried guns, I never had toys
Grimm, gimme the infrared and semi and I'm puttin red dots
On niggas foreheads and makin motherfuckers Indian
You got beef? Go get yourself a wreath, because it's murder
Cause I put holes in my beef like fuckin White Castle burgers
So now I gots to run up on a clown with the fo'-pound
Cock back, rock black, gun a nigga down
I see em, he's comin out the fuckin colosseum
And hopped into a BM, shit!
Put in my clip and then I dipped into the ride that my man had
Parked on the sidewalk, then we start to glide
I'm rainin on him (faster nigga) oh yeah we're gainin on him
(Oh shit he's with somebody else) fuck it, put his brain on him
Boom boom, no survivors, lifted the nigga out his seat
When they find him, he'll be a backseat driver
But I ain't finished with the trigger yet, I'm lightin up a cigarette
Bang Bang!!! I left the other nigga wet
It's G. Rap baby, you know me, you try to hurt this
I split your fuckin top and leave a fingerprint on purpose!
[Production by T-Ray]2Embed