TranslationsTürkçeIntro Lyrics[Skit]
Y'know what I'm sayin'? These Ruff Ryder niggas (Dog)
I heard these niggas is for real
Dog (Uh-huh?)
That's my mans and them
But I heard these niggas 'posed to be like
Lockin' down the industry on some shit, on some power shit
Dog, that's my mans and them
Hmm, I see
So, what I'm doing
Right, right
My mans and them is doing, because
Right
That's my mans and them, ya know?
I feel ya
Now you feel me?
I feel ya
So you know, when you fucking with me
Right, right
You fucking with
[Intro]
Uh-oh
What have you done now?
Told y'all niggas
You just don't listen
Why must you be hardheaded?
Tried to explain
But you didn't hear me, though
Now, uh, now
I must
I don't want to
But I have to
Uh

[Verse 1]
One-two, one-two, come through, run through
Gun who? Oh, you don't know what the gun do? (What?)
Some do, those that know are real quiet
When you think you wanna try it, fuck around and start a riot (Uh)
Niggas gon' ride regardless
Because I'm the hardest rap artist and I'ma start this
Shit up for real (What?), get up and feel (What?)
My words, I make herbs split up and squeal (Come on)
Ill is all I've been hearing lately
Niggas hate me, wanna duct tape me and make me (Ah)
Put their brains on the wall, when I brawl (Uh)
Too late for that 911 call (Come on)
Niggas stay beefing, but a lot of 'em bluff (Uh-huh)
But not me 'cause I'm a nigga that can get out of them cuffs (Uh-huh)
You think a lot of 'em's tough? That's just a front
When I hit them niggas like, "What you want?" The battle turns into a hunt (Alright)
With the dog right behind niggas chasing 'em down
We all knew that you was pussy (Uh), but I'm tasting it now
And never give a dog blood, 'cause raw blood will have a dog like what? (What?)
Biting whatever, all up in your gut (Come on)
Give it to you raw like that
And ain't no love, I do 'em all like that
Four right up in they back, clack-clack
Close your eyes, baby, it's over, forget it (Uh)
Happened in front of your building, but nobody knows who did it (What?)
You might also like[Bridge]
Where my dogs at?
What, what? Where my dogs at?
Uh, where my dogs at?
What, what? Where my dogs at?
Uh, where my dogs at?
What, what? Where my dogs at?
Uh, where my dogs at?
What, what?

[Verse 2]
Niggas is puss, keep on running from the werewolf
Howling at the moon on the roof (Uh-oh)
Ooh, ah, no, get 'em
Ten niggas on him, hope God's with him
Give me the bat, let me split him
I'll have 'em where the pillow and the casket won't fit him (Come on)
Only reason I did him, he wouldn't fight back
Tried to strike back, left him like that
Laying up with the white hat
Getting right back at ya when I snatch ya
Up out the grave, nothin' but bones and ashes (Get 'em)
Hittin' niggas with gashes to the head
Straight to the white meat, but the street stay red
Bitches gon' give me head for free 'cause they see (Uh-huh)
Who I'ma be by like 2003 (Uh-huh)
That nigga D took it there, he thought it was a joke
He ran through like twenty G's, thought that I was broke (What?)
Stupid, that's what you get for thinking
And eventually found that's what you get for stinking (Uh-huh)
Blowing up the spot when you rot (Uh)
Plus, if it gets hot, they know you dead for four square blocks (Come on)
Hit 'em with the ox to the grill
Ooh, ah, kill, nigga, kill
Yet and still, you don't know I'ma rob 'em
That nigga DMX is a motherfuckin' problem, aight?70Embed