Mr. Goodbar Lyrics[Intro]
Nah, y'all, nah, y'all, uh-uh, I ain't disrespectin', though
I'm just sayin' it happened to me, it can happen to him
How you doin'?
What's your name?
Uh, mm, haha
Oh, you his girl?

[Verse 1]
Hello, my name is Mr. Goodbar, I came to offer champagne
Later on, maybe I'll tell you my real name
But for now sip your drink and be merry
And be a nice girl and save me a cherry
Me? I'll have a Kahlúa and milk
'Cause champagne always stains my silk
You got a man? That's somethin' we won't talk about
He's smart enough to have ya, but dumb enough to let ya out
I like your Fendi bag, your alligator shoes
Your hairstyle and your whole point of view
The way you lick your lips and stare
You tell me that's a habit, mhm, yeah
Honey-coated legs with not one scar
The stylish wardrobe is up to par
Here's my number, call me in my car
You deserve a visit from Mr. Goodbar
[Interlude]
So how long you been talkin' to him? Word?
Nah, he cool with me, he's cool with me
Oh, he loves you?

[Verse 2]
Honey, open up a bottle of brandy
Better yet, have a piece of Cool J candy
And sweat the man with the master-disaster
Break-ya-like-plaster plan and
The cards on the table and the deal is dealt (Uh)
I'm in the mood for a tuna melt
And I can't make you, I sure wouldn't rape you
Feelin' kinda mellow and I sure would hate to
Leave the job half-done (Nah)
'Cause at a time like this you're the one that I'm lookin' for
Crawlin' on the floor (Woof)
I'm comin' back for more
If the Mona Lisa's name was Teresa
I'd get a piece of the Mona Lisa
Then smoke a cigar
You deserve a visit from Mr. Goodbar

[Interlude]
Yeah, so you be callin' on the request line? Hahaha
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Oh, he's my man, word, him too
Yeah, I like Bobby Brown
I'm tellin' you, he's cool but
You might also like[Verse 3]
Don't be cruel 'cause you'll be on your own
It's my prerogative and my microphone
Come and get this ice cream cone
Or I'll deliver it when your daddy ain't home
Grown and healthy, that's how I like 'em
Big juicy legs and a nice pair of kegs (Mm)
Mr. Goodbar style
You haven't met a guy like me in a while
I jump out a cake, dance, play, shake
I ain't got no Body by Jake
Smooth as White Star Extra Dry Moët Chandon
And I'll slip it in your mouth like a Bonbon

[Outro]
You know what I'm sayin', baby?
I'm Mr. Goodbar (Goodbar), yeah
So you know, next time, uh, your man's out
Check the lobby
Nah, nah, he's cool
Who, my girl? Oh, I don't know, your man might be with her
You know what I'm sayin'? But I'm with you
Yeah, Mr. Goodbar, baby, uh
And may I say, may I say
That outfit you got on is slammin'
Juicy lips, so honey coated, mm
Yo, he never says that to you?
He never gives you compliments?
Yo, he be givin' you flowers baby
And tellin' you how much he cares for you?
Does he hold you and caress you and give you affection?
I didn't think so1Embed