Flipmode Squad Meets Def Squad Lyrics[Produced by Backspin The Vibe Chemist]

[Intro]
Yeah, you need to feel better
Word up, shit even feel better
Uh

[Verse 1: Jamal]
Taking you to the other terrain (Uh!), we mash strictly for the cream (Uh!)
Here to kill your whole scene (Uh!) and your motherfuckin team (Huh)
Little Mal, the raw dawg, I know you heard of me
You probably know some bitch niggas who wanna murder me
Busta, Reggie, Murray, Ramp and Mercy's all we need for disaster (-saster)
For me the microphone master
Look, I crash ya, bash ya skull
Fuck with Mally G if you're trying to take a fall (Uh!)
Niggas talk about killin' and never get to it (To it)
Fuck the yappin', be true to it, do it (Do it)
Steady screaming 'bout your East and your West side (Side)
But you ain't in it when it comes to the homicide
Niggas better get up off that bullshit quick
Caught up in the limelight gettin' way too slick (Slick)
See 'em at the shows 'bout to rock they shit off
Gettin they peeps fucked up 'cause they block is soft
As for terror (Ahh), I sever the best of MC's
Look! Little Mally G trippin' off these indo trees
About to murder label's jerkin but mercy us
Def Squad niggas prophesize like the Perseus
Droppin' degrees to zero with flatlines
Kill your whole entourage off with just one rhyme (One rhyme)
One rhyme (One rhyme), just one rhyme (Uh)
I don't give a fuck, I kill 'em with just one rhyme (Woo! Hahaha, yeah, ha!)
You wish that you could get with this (What?)
Terrorist, lyricist, for your era it's
My time to shine and I'm still payin dues (Dues)
And I'ma be famous on either rap or the news, motherfucker
I only tell you nothin but the real, it's
Tight up in the struggle tryin to get this fuckin meal (Why?)
Niggas act shifty so I shift along
Three tried, three gone, it's the same ol' song (What? What?)
I seen the shades and the suedes from afar, 'pa
But hold up do you know who I are?
The M-A-Double (What?), you want trouble you got it the spot is on
You blot it, I got it, then shot it, it's hot up in your dome (Dome)
Peace with the chrome piece that I pack (Uh)
Remember fuck around and catch a mack to your back
[Verse 2: Redman]
Who the fuck I be? I! You cannot see I!
Flabbergasted, blastin' my Magnum P.I!
Oops, I lie! I got a cannon 'bout the size of Grand Canyon
I'm prime time, givin' MC's Knots Landing
Duck (Haa!), heavens to fuckin' Mergatroid
I drop noise that employs the unbelievable
Recline like recedin' hairline (Ha!), crime speaks fine (Ah)
With a nine, pull line, blind keep mines up my sleeve until
You start to quiver (Haa!), metabolism splits rivers
I rock so many broads, I leave your entourage tender
Like bartenders mix liquor (Haa), I serve you over the rocks
Feed you to my block, now time to click triggers (Chck-chck!)
Manslaughter in alphabetical order for four quarters
Raw water turn sons to granddaughters
Ah-ha-ha-ha-ha! I bring trouble where you sleep
So I double dare to bust you in your bubble bear coat
Antidotes cause gunsmoke in Tokyo (Haa)
MC's dosey doe your mics up in this rodeo (Haa)
My star roast 'em up by the thousands! Millions! Quadrillions!
Shuttin' down national state buildings! (Where?)
With high ceilings, Funk Doc to the spot, freeze!
Creepin' on MC's like Vietnamese in army fatigues
Def Squad representer (Haa)
Hit yo' ass up from the bottom when you enter
You might also like[Verse 3: Keith Murray]
Ay-yo, once a crack head, always a tack head
You have no craftibility, all that shit you talk is dead
As sex, drugs and violence balance the scales of reality (Haa!)
Y'all don't want no parts of Keith Murray! (Yeah)
I'm nicety and sheisty, I get that ass iced deliciously (Yuh)
Niggas ain't shit to me! (Word up!)
You stupid niggas always got somethin' smart to say (What?)
And probably can't even spell T-W-A
My crew is like police pull up and park anywhere (Yeah, yeah; Errrrrr!!!)
Jump out and get it on right then and there (Wasup! Wasup!)
Niggas is pussy and ways and actions show it (Haaa!)
Plus y'all niggas dead and don't even know it
And Def Squad L.O.D. for life (Word up! I'll fuck your life)
Act trife, I'll let my dog cold fuck your wife, fuck your life

[Interlude]
Ayo, you just heard the sounds of Mally G
Redman, Keith Murray
Bringin the ruckus, the Def Squad
Next up is the Flipmode Squad
This is Howard Cossell
First up to the ring Rampage the Last Boy Scout
Lord Have Mercy For, and the In-fer-mous
Busta Rhymes
[Verse 4: Rampage]
Two one two, I'm living life as a rugged MC
When I step up in your jam (Uh), yo, I'm V.I.P
Niggas and bitches be eyein' me (Wooo)
I'm spontaneous, I'm wreckin brothers out the frame, because I'm dangerous
I'm well known like Keith Murray and my boy Reggie Noble
Chickenheads get gassed, so they call me on my mobile (*beeping*)
I'm great distance like AT&T (T)
I stroke like a butterfly, sting like a bee (Yeah)
Yo I Fades Them All like my man Mally G
Whip a nigga ass for free (Yeah) and makin' sure he see visions of me (Uh, uh!)
Rampage, the talk of the town (Uh!)
The stalker of New York that fucks up the underground (No doubt)
I'm comin thorough like a pack of Life Savers (Uh)
Ask Marley Marl who's the real Future Flavors
My technique I freak (Uh) seven days a week
I'm undefeated (Yeah), you can see my Quantum Leap (Uh)
I'm hittin' brothers where it hurt, lyrical expert
Those who got no publishing, they need to get jerked (No doubt)
A hundred percent, I gets down what I invent
Rap artists be dying to a certain extent (Wooo!)
Sometimes they use the underground to make a comeback
That shit is wack (Wack), fade away and never come back

[Verse 5: Lord Have Mercy]
For now and forever, it's thy evil that men do
Mental, my inner center Winter
Frosted froze crews inventor, inventor!
Invader! Evacuate I collapse your major
Straights and loose minds (Ahhh), you're splits two times
For intruders, for these losers, my maneuvers
Drop like lugers, illegal, maybe Lethal, like Gibson's
Splittin blessings with three Weapons
Lay in the cut like C-Sections, infestin the nine-six
For you mindless niggas I smack spineless
Or lay back like recliners, as inject jewels
As flesh, moves, when in vaginas, oooh, oooh-ooh-ooh
Corrupt your minors like New York City's finest
Lineups, on LSD fine dust, in your sinus
Crush like chinas, opiu MC grinders
My dust, these rhymers I hijack like airliners (Uh!)
The infiltrator, creator (Yeah!), I'm sinful
Papers stay viscous like religious cults
Leaders that drop scriptures, and rock clips or assault heaters
My Flipmode niggas, we're like Afghanistan guerillas

[Verse 6: Busta Rhymes]
If you want more information — look, listen and read
While I sit back and I roll another fat bag of weed
We about to take control of your set like cruise control speed
Satisfy my lyrical semen (Haa), plants my Johnny Apple-seed, now
Mental slave grip on your brain like white people (Haa)
My music will dominate the population like black people
Utilize my efforts to exercise my inner thoughts
I capitalize on my many and various styles of all sorts (Sorts, sorts, sorts, sorts, sorts...)
Hold down the forts, smokin' (Haa), drinkin' mad quarts (Quarts)
For sports (Haa), talk to chickenheads in botty lik shorts (Whooo!)
Let's get the cream so that we can move up in this fortress (Haa)
Bounce to art galleries and purchase exotic portraits (-its)
Here we go again, another phenomenon when I get on (Haa)
Busta Rhymes and my nigga named Stretch Armstrong (Stretch Armstrong)
We represent the ultimate unit for the nine-season
Flipmode Squad (Haa) will bust your shit for even the wrong reasons (Word is bond)
Chaotic sample make a nigga wanna get down (Haa)
'Til we come through like the ATF and shut your shit down (Haa)
Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms is how we movin'
Raw rapid fire flows, while the music keeps you niggas groovin' (Look!)
I don't know who the fuck you really think you foolin'
You're so far from up to par and your shit needs improvin'
From your conversation, the way you come across your shit is off (Haa!)
Malfunctionin', my nigga, you about to feel the real force (Haa)
Lay you on your face while I beat you up your head with the holy cross (Haaa)
Exotic niggas blastin off to the Land of the Lost
If you can't see this I recommend some school (Oh, ooh, ahh!) for the blind by Helen Keller (Haa)
Big ups to Lord Have Mercy, Rampage and the Cella Dwellas
Redman and the Rockafellas (Woo!)
Big ups to Mally G, Keith Murray, sunny days and bad weathers (Hahaha!)
But still we travel the world like National Lampoon
It's Busta Rhymes for the whole entire '96, so stay tuned!

[Outro: Busta Rhymes]
Hahahahahahahahah!
Flipmode completely getting inside of niggas
Def Squad, respek'!3Embed