Boyz-N-The-Hood - Remix Lyrics[Intro: Dr. Dre, Ice Cube, MC Ren, Eazy-E]
Hey, yo, remember that shit Eazy did a while back?
Motherfucker said it wasn't gonna work
That crazy shit?
Yeah, the stupid shit, man
That shit was dope
Hey yo, Eazy!
Wassup?
Hey man, why don't you come off the piano for a minute and bust this crazy shit?

[Verse 1]
Woke up quick at about noon
Just thought that I had to be in Compton soon
I gotta get drunk before the day begins
Before my mother starts bitchin' about my friends
About to go and damn near went blind
Young niggas at the pad, throwin' up gang signs
Ran in the house and grabbed my clip
With the MAC-10 on the side of my hip
Bailed outside and pointed my weapon
Just as I thought, the fools kept steppin'
Jumped in the fo', hit the juice on my ride
I got front and back and side to side
Then I let the Alpine play
Bumpin' new shit by N.W.A
It was "Gangsta Gangsta" at the top of the list
Then I played my old shit, it went somethin' like this
Cruisin' down the street in my '64
Jockin' the bitches, slappin' the hoes
Went to the park to get the scoop
Knuckleheads out there, cold-shootin' some hoops
A car pulls up, who can it be?
A fresh El Camino rollin', Kilo G
He rolled down his window and he started to say
"It's all about makin' that GTA"
[Hook]
'Cause the boys n' the hood are always hard
You come talkin' that trash, we'll pull your card
Knowin' nothin' in life but to be legit
Don't quote me, boy, 'cause I ain't said shit
Yo, man!
Get the fuck out!
Pump that beat!
Mothafucka, say what?

[Verse 2]
Donald B's in the place to give me the pace
He said my man J.D. is on freebase
The boy J.D. was a friend of mine
'Til I caught him in my car, tryin' to steal my Alpine
Chase him up the street to call a truce
The silly motherfucker pulls out a deuce-deuce
Little did he know I had a loaded 12-gauge
One sucker dead, LA Times front page

[Hook]
'Cause the boys n' the hood are always hard
You come talkin' that trash, we'll pull your card
Knowin' nothin' in life but to be legit
Don't quote me, boy, 'cause I ain't said shit
You might also likeYo, Leroy!
Beer drinkin', breath stinkin', sniffin' glue

[Verse 3]
Bored as hell and I wanna get ill
So I went to a spot where my homeboys chill
The fellas out there makin' that dollar
I pulled up in my 6-4 Impala
They greet me with a 40 and I start drinkin'
And from the 8-ball my breath starts stinkin'
Left to get my girl, to rock that body
Before I left I hit the Bacardi
Went to her house to get her out of the pad
Dumb ho said somethin' that made me mad
She said somethin' that I couldn't believe
So I grabbed the stupid bitch by her nappy-ass weave
She started talkin' shit, wouldn't you know?
Reached back like a pimp, slapped the ho
Her father jumped up and he started to shout
So I threw a right cross and knocked his old ass out

[Hook]
'Cause the boys n' the hood are always hard
You come talkin' that trash, we'll pull your card
Knowin' nothin' in life but to be legit
Don't quote me, boy, 'cause I ain't said shit
Who do you think you are, Mr. Big Stuff?
Rock mothafucka, like the hard three the hard way

[Verse 4]
I'm rollin' hard, now I'm under control
Then wrapped the six-fo' round a telephone pole
I looked at my car and I said, "Oh, brother
I'll throw it in the gutter and go buy another."
Walkin' home and I see the G ride
Now Cat is drivin' Kilo on the side
As they busted a U, they got pulled over
A undercover cop in a dark green Nova
Cat got beaten for resistin' arrest
He socked the pig in the head for rippin' his Guess
Now G is caught for doin' the crime
Fourth offense on the boy, he'll do some time

[Hook]
'Cause the boys n' the hood are always hard
You come talkin' that trash, we'll pull your card
Knowin' nothin' in life but to be legit
Don't quote me, boy, 'cause I ain't said shit
L.A. playa
Big Drum beater

[Verse 5]
I went to get them out, but there was no bail
The fellas caused a riot in the county jail
Two days later in municipal court
Kilo G on trial cold cut a fart
"Disruption of the court," said the judge
On a six-year sentence, my man didn't budge
Bailiff came over to turn him in
Kilo G looked up and gave a grin
He yelled out "Fire!", then came Suzy
The bitch came in with a sub-machine Uzi
Police shot the bitch but didn't hurt her
Both upstate for attempted murder

[Hook]
'Cause the boys n' the hood are always hard
You come talkin' that trash, we'll pull your card
Knowin' nothin' in life but to be legit
Don't quote me, boy, 'cause I ain't said shit
Yeah, I kicked a little ass
But that was a blast from the past, mothafucka
Get busy, y'all y'all y'all y'all!29Embed