TranslationsEspañolSurvive the Summer Lyrics[Intro: Ale Herself & Iggy Azalea]
Eh-eh-ahem, special announcement, rich bitches don't die
And that's why you won't survive the summer!
Amen!

[Verse 1: Iggy Azalea]
Uh, she's salty, I sauté the bitch
Alaïa jacket and I slay the bitch
Big body on display and shit
This is just another day and shit
Was down for love, I got played and shit
Cameras flashing, downplay the dick
I would never ever claim your dick
In interviews, I'm like who is this?
Bitches tryna put the end to me
Producers still sending beats
I send it back in like a day or so
You bitches writin' slow like centipedes
My crib got amenities
I just bought a T-Rex tooth 'cause I'm tryna stunt on Mr. Flintstone
One look and your bitch gone
Turned a T-Rex tooth to a chain, shit cost more than your Range
I'm a diamond in the rough, fancy diamonds by the way
I been making moves, been writing rhymes, been stacking commas
But you? Hold up, bitch, can you survive the summer?
[Chorus: Iggy Azalea]
Woah, uh
You won't survive the summer, look, yeah, uh
You won't survive the summer, yeah, yeah, yeah
Can't stay alive much longer, look, look
You won't survive the summer!

[Refrain: Ale Herself]
Ummm, I just wanna get in my Ferrari and drive real slow, so everyone can see my face

[Verse 2: Iggy Azalea]
And all you bitches gon' hate this shit
Get the fuck up out my way and shit
Give 'em hell 365
You would think I'm 'bout to bake a bitch
Summer's over, it's a cold front
Tryna stop me is a witch hunt
Lemme' drop a lil' wisdom
Crack kills, you a victim
You a victim, you a victim
If I don't like it then I switch (uh)
Label tripping so I switch (uh)
Which one? Which one?
Bring the bag and it's done

[Chorus: Iggy Azalea]
Woah, uh
You won't survive the summer, look, yeah, uh
You won't survive the summer, yeah, yeah, uh
Can't stay alive much longer, look, look
You won't survive the summer!
You might also like[Refrain: Ale Herself]
You're a victim!

[Bridge: Iggy Azalea]
Hold up bitch (hold up bitch), I think you're moving too fast (fast)
Money spent (money spent), ain't even counted the cash (cash)
Hold up bitch (hold up bitch), I think you're moving too fast (fast)
Money spent (money spent), ain't even counted the cash (cash)
Trust me it ain't gonna last, it ain't gonna last, it ain't gonna last
You're 'bout to fall on your ass

[Chorus: Iggy Azalea]
Look, you won't survive the summer!
You won't survive the summer, damn, uh
They ain't getting dumber and dumber (dumber and dumber and dumber and dumber and dumber and dumber)
Shit, you won't survive the summer!

[Outro: Ale Herself]
I know these Chanel shoes are ugly, but...
That's your rent, bitch!33Embed