Lord Give Me a Sign Lyrics[Intro]
Yeah, uh
In the name of Jesus (Spread the word)
"No weapon formed against me shall prosper
And every turn that rise against my judgment, thou shalt condemn" (Preach, preach)
Lord, give me a sign!
For this is the heritage of the servants of the Lord (Preach)
"And their righteousness is of me", said the Lord (Preach)
Amen, uh
Lord, give me a sign!
[Verse 1]
I really need to talk to you, Lord
Since the last time we talked the walk has been hard
Now I know you haven't left me, but I feel like I'm alone (Yeah)
I'm a big boy now, but I'm still not grown
And I'm still going through it (What?)
Pain and the hurt (Yeah)
Soaking up trouble like rain in the dirt (Yeah)
And I know only I can stop the rain
With just the mention of my Savior's name, in the name of Jesus (Uh, uh, uh)
Devil, I rebuke you, for what I go through
Been trying to make me do what I used to (What?)
But all that stops right here (Yeah)
As long as the Lord's in my life, I will have no fear (Uh, uh)
I will know no pain from the light to the dark (C'mon)
I will show no shame, spit it right from the heart (C'mon)
Cause it's right from the start, you held me down
And ain't nothing they can tell me now
Lord, give me a sign!

[Hook]
Let me know what's on your mind
Let me know what I'm gon' find
It's all in time, show me how to teach the mind
Show me how to reach the blind (Lord, give me a sign!)
Show me what I gotsta do to bring me closer to you
Cause I'ma go through whatever you want me to
Just let me know what to do (Lord, give me a sign!)
You might also like[Verse 2]
Please, show me somethin' (Somethin')
I'm tired of talking to him, knowing he frontin' (Frontin')
Crying about, "Life ain't nothin'" (Nothin')
But you either be the one mad cause you trapped or the one huntin' (C'mon)
Trapped in your own mind, waiting on the Lord (Yeah)
Or hunting with the word that cuts like a sword
The spoken word is stronger than the strongest man (Uh, uh, uh, uh)
Carries the whole world like the strongest hand
Through the trials and tribulations, you never let us down
Jesus, I know you're here with us now
Jesus, I know you're still with us now
Keep it real with us now, I wanna feel, show me how (Please!)
Let me take your hand, guide me (What?)
I'll walk slow, but stay right beside me (Please)
Devil's trying to find me (Please)
Hide me! Hold up, I take that back
Protect me and give me the strength to fight back (Lord, give me a sign!)

[Hook]
Let me know what's on your mind
Let me know what I'm gon' find
It's all in time, show me how to teach the mind
Show me how to reach the blind (Lord, give me a sign!)
Show me what I gotsta do to bring me closer to you
Cause I'ma go through whatever you want me to
Just let me know what to do (Lord, give me a sign!)
[Bridge]
Life or death, live or die (Uh)
I will never live a lie (Uh)
I'm going there because I try (What?)
I won't give in till I die (What?)
I'm gon' make it, wrong or right (Yeah)
Make it through the darkest night (Yeah)
When the morning comes you'll see (Uh)
All I have is God in me (Oh)
Lord, give me a sign! (Woo!)

[Interlude]
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
"No weapon formed against me shall prosper" (Please)
For this is the heritage of the servants of the Lord
In the name of Jesus (Lord, give me a sign!)

[Hook]
Let me know what's on your mind
Let me know what I'm gon' find
It's all in time, show me how to teach the mind
Show me how to reach the blind (Lord, give me a sign!)
Show me what I gotsta do to bring me closer to you
Cause I'ma go through whatever you want me to
Just let me know what to do (Lord, give me a sign!)52Embed