Put Your Hands Where My Eyes Could See Lyrics[Produced by Shamello, Buddah & Epitome (co.)]

[Intro: Busta Rhymes | Fabulouz Fabz]
(Ahh, yeah)
(Flipmode)
(Here we come)
('Bout to fuckin' explode)
Flipmode
Busta Bus (Uh, what?)
Nine-seven (Come on, what?)
Hot shit (Ha-hah)
Check it out
[Verse 1: Busta Rhymes | Fabulouz Fabz | both]
Hit you with no delayin' so what you sayin', yo? (Uhh)
Silly with my nine milli, what the deally, yo? (What?)
When I be on the mic, yes, I do my duty, yo (Ha)
Wild up in the club like we wild in the studio (Uh)
You don't wanna violate, nigga, really and truly, yo (Uh)
My main thug nigga named Julio, he moody, yo (What?)
Type of nigga that'll slap you with the toolio (Bahh)
Bitch nigga scared to death, act fruity, yo (Uh)
Fuck that, look at shorty, she a little cutie, yo (Yes)
The way she shake it make me wanna get all in the booty, yo (Woo!)
Tap mistresses then bangin' bitches in videos (Huh?)
Whilin' with my freak like we up in the freak shows (Yes)
Hit you with the shit, make you feel it all in your toes (Yeah)
Hot shit got all you niggas in wet clothes (Then get cold)
Stylin' my metaphors when I formulate my flows (Uh)
If you don't know you fuckin' with lyrical player pros, like that

[Chorus: Busta Rhymes | Fabulouz Fabz]
Do you really wanna party with me?
Let me see (Uh) just what you got for me (Come on)
Put all your hands where my eyes can see (Put 'em up, yo)
Straight buckwhilin' in the place to be (Whylin', nice, ha)
If you really wanna party with me (Flipmode)
Let me see just what you got for me (Come on)
Put all your hands where my eyes can see (Put 'em up)
Straight buckwhilin' in the place to be (Yeah, here we go, yo)
You might also like[Verse 2: Busta Rhymes | Fabulouz Fabz]
If you really wanna party with me — in God We Trust (What?)
Yo, it's a must that you heard of us, yo, we murderous (Uh)
A lot of niggas is wondering and they curious (What?)
How me and my niggas do it, it's so mysterious (Magical)
Furious, all of my niggas is serious (Uh!)
Shook niggas be walkin' around fearin' us (What?)
Front, nigga, like you don't wanna be hearin' us (Nope)
Gotta listen to how radio be playin' us (Ahhh)
Thirty time a day shit'll make you delirious (What?)
Damagin' everything all up in your areas (Yeah)
Yo, it's funny how all the chickens be always servin' us (Uh)
All up in between they ass where they wanna carry us (What?)
Hit'cha good then I hit 'em off with the alias (What?)
Various chickens, they wanna marry us (Ahhh)
Yo, it's Flipmode, my nigga, you know we 'bout to bust (Uh!)
Seven-figure money, the label preparin' us (Go, wee)
Bite the dust instead of you makin' a fuss (Fuss)
Niggas know better 'cause there ain't no comparin' us (Nope)
Mad at us, niggas is never, we fabulous (Yuh)
Hit my people off with the flow that be marvelous (Haa)
Oh shit, my whole clique victorious (Yuh)
Takin' no prisoners niggas is straight up warriors (What?)
While you feelin' that I know you be feelin' so glorious (Huh)
Then I blaze and reminisce on my nigga Notorious (What?)
[Chorus: Busta Rhymes | Fabulouz Fabz]
Do you really wanna party with me? (Like that, like that-tha-that-that, come on)
Let me see just what you got for me (That-that, word, that-tha-that-that, that-that)
Put all your hands where my eyes can see
Straight buckwhilin' in the place to be (You want 'em)
If you really wanna party with me (Party)
Let me see just what you got for me (Party)
Put all your hands where my eyes can see (Come on, Flipmode)
Straight buckwhilin' in the place to be (nine-seven, '98)
If you really wanna party with me (Works it out, [?])9Embed