Havin’ Thangs ’06 Lyrics[Intro: Pimp C]
Huh... had to bring it back for the muthafuckin' 2006
It's goin' down, bitch! (fly hoes and chains and swangin' thangs)
Y'all remember that shit? (remember that shit?) Talkin 'bout?
(Just another young playa havin' thangs man...)
Check this shit out... uh!

[Verse 1: Pimp C]
It's really goin' down in the God damn South
Young girls poppin' pussy with them golds in their mouth
Young boys comin' up, layin it down in the cut
Never fallin' in a rut cause life was made for us to strut (strut!)
Never take for granted, take the bull by the horns (horns!)
Sippin on somethin' sweet, blowing green popcorn (corn!)
I'm trill, I'm country 'til the end my nigga
The underdog, young hog, fuck the pen my nigga!
Cuz it's a waste of bodies (bodies!), a waste of time (time!)
A waste of spiritual energy, and a waste of mind (mind!)
You ain't really tough cause you been down there fool
Everybody tryna get back to they families on the cool
I rather grip on grain (grain!), get head in the lane (lane!)
You can have them hoes' bodies, I'm possessing they brains (possessing they
Brains!)
Comin up on 'em in a wide-body frame
Hoping you ain't forgot the name, I'm out here havin' thangs!
[Chorus: Pimp C]
Fly hoes and chains and swanging thangs
Just another young playa having thangs man...
Fly hoes and chains and swanging thangs
Just another young playa having thangs man...

[Verse 2: Big Mike]
(Yeah! Big Mike y'all! Yeah!)
From CD sales to jail cells
From diamonds that shine to eatin' slop straight up off a chow line
From walkin' that fine line uhh, to 12 jurors decidin' mine
From bein' free, to bein confined
From bein' loved, to bein despised, many times I cried
For not allowin' that bullshit to slide
It was a pill that I couldn't swallow - load up the strap with the hollows
After takin' to the head a whole bottle
I did that, not thinkin' twice about the consequences
'Til I served damn near 4 years behind the fences (Straight G)
All my folk were like, "Big Mike, you trippin"
"Get it together," if I could I woulda done somethin' different
Uh! From G-walkin' to slippin', yeah, to flippin' them calendar pages
Day after day, sweatin' 'em out in them cages
Patiently waiting on the day when I can.. get back at it
Work that magic, collect that cabbage, I gotsta have it

[Chorus: Pimp C]
Fly hoes and chains and swanging thangs
Just another young playa having thangs man...
Fly hoes and chains and swanging thangs
Just another young playa having thangs man...You might also like4Embed