Let’s Go Lyrics[Intro: Pharoahe Monch]
One for the money, two for the show
Three to get it crackin' in the hood, let's go

[Verse 1: Pharoahe Monch]
My rhymes pop like them nines, they claim they tote
But they rap lackluster shine
My shits busts like Busta Rhymes sniffin' lines of coke
(Woo-ha!) Ha, that's all she wrote
On the quest to qualify for these inquisitive quotes
Quirk-ass MCs be as queer as folk
Talkin' about, "Nigga can rap!" No shit, Sherlock
Y'all MCs can't see me like Matt Murdock
I'm the pinnacle rhyme kid
And any line of mine is criminal minded
And I blind her with original rhyme shit
Fall in line with the sick, cynical grime shit
Clinically approved for you to move your behind with
Timeless, all world girls wiggle their spine to Pharoahe
Do you need to be reminded now?
Stick 'em up, it's that, get 'em up, it's that
Put 'em up, it's that, let's go, uh
[Chorus: Pharoahe Monch & Mela Machinko]
Yeah, how we rock, show them how we roll
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (Let's go)
Line 'em up, light it up, fire it up
Wire me up, let it blow
One for the money, two for the show
Three to get it crackin' in the hood, let's go

[Verse 2: Pharoahe Monch]
They research my stem cells, clone ten of me
Send one of 'em back in time just to get rid of me
Stop Pharoahe Monch from having verbal epiphanies
Now that's new definition to 'your own worst enemy'
Ock listen, man, stop snitching, man
You use sex to sell, your Nextel to Sprint
Everything you represent is immoral, singular, not plural
You and your sidekick get rid of that whack trio
I freeze MCs zero degrees below
The blacker the berry, the sweeter the juice
You need to get loose to the heat I produce
From Long Beach to Boston
Your chicks text us like Dallas and Austin
I spark tireless illumination
Fire sixteen bars, wireless communication
Let's go
You might also like[Chorus: Pharoahe Monch & Mela Machinko]
Yeah, how we rock, show them how we roll
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (Let's go)
Line 'em up, light it up, fire it up
Wire me up, let it blow
One for the money, two for the show
Three to get it crackin' in the hood, let's go

[Post-Chorus: Mela Machinko]
Show them how we rock, show them how we roll
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Show them how we rock, show them how we roll
Yeah, yeah, yeah

[Bridge: Pharoahe Monch (scratched)]
Pharoahe's flows blows shows
The M-O-N-C-H, M-O-N-C-H
Y'all know the name (Let's go)
Hallelujah! Pharoahe Monch will do ya
The M-O-N-C-H, y'all know the name (Let's go)

[Chorus: Pharoahe Monch]
Line 'em up, light it up, fire it up
Wire me up, let it blow
One for the money, two for the show
Three to get it crackin' in the hood
[Skit 1: *radio surfing* (Three Sweet & Bling)]
Okay, okay, okay
It's ya girl Three Sweet in the morning
We about to really get into it right now (Bling, Bling)
So Bling, tell me
What's really good?
What's up with the harshness diss record? You wanna retaliate?
Yo, fuck you niggas, straight up and down
You niggas never had no weight in the street
You know what I mean? Yo, what the fuck you know anyway?
Yo, yo, yo, chill, chill with the cursing, yo, fall back with the cursing
I had New York on my back for years, you know what I mean?
I don't really give a fuck anyway
I'ma have to turn your mic–

[Skit 2: *radio surfing*]
Now, I want to mend
Now, I want to mend
Now to–

[Skit 3: *radio surfing*]
You sit on your hand 'til your hand turn numb
Then you jerk your penis 'til you start to (what?)
All alone in the crib, you know what I did?
I gave myself a finger 'til I let off some kids
Yo, those are, those are a stranger
Have you had a stranger?
Have you–

[Skit 4: *radio surfing* (Pharoahe Monch)]
We savin' the environment, you know what I'm sayin'?
We can save the trees, save the trees, save the tree–Embed