Check Yo Self Lyrics[Intro: Das EFX]
Yeah, word is bond
Das EFX in this, you know what I'm sayin'?
Straight from the sewer, word is bond
Yeah, yah, ah, yeah
We doing this with my nigga
Where my nigga Ice Cube in the motherfucker?
Word is bond, yeah

[Verse 1: Ice Cube]
You better check yo' self before you wreck yo' self
'Cause I'm bad for your health
I come real stealth
Dropping bombs on your moms
Fuck car alarms
Doing foul crime, I'm that nigga wit' yo' Alpine
Sold it for a six-o, always let tricks know
And friends know, we got the indo
No, I'm not a sucker sitting in a House of Pain
And no, I'm not the butler, I'll cut ya
Head-butt ya, you say you can't touch this
And I wouldn't touch ya; in fact, motherfucker
Here to let you know boy, oh boy
I make dough, but don't call me Doughboy
This ain't no fucking motion picture
A guy or bitch-a, my nigga get wit' cha, and hit you
Taking that yak to the neck, so you better run a check
[Hook: Das EFX & Ice Cube]
So come on and chickity-check yo' self before you wreck yo' self
Chickity-check yo' self before you wreck yo' self, boy!
Yeah, come on and check yo' self before you wreck yo' self
'Cause shotgun bullets are bad for your health

[Post-Hook: Ice Cube & Ad-Rock]
Mic-mic-microphone check (One, two! Check it!)
Mic-mic-microphone check (One, two! Check it!)

[Verse 2: Ice Cube]
Tricks wanna step to Cube and then they get played
'Cause they bitchmade, pulling out a switchblade
That's kinda trifle 'cause that's a knife, ho
AK-47, Assault Rifle
Hold the fifty, I'm nifty, pow!
I got a new style... (Watch out now!)
I hate motherfuckers claiming that they folding bank
But steady talking shit in the holding tank
First, you wanna step to me?
Now your ass screaming for the deputy
They send you to Charlie-Baker-Denver row
Now they runnin' up in you slow
You're gone, used to be the Don Juan (Check that shit out!)
Now your name is just Twan
Switchin', snappin', rollin' your eyes and neck
You better run a check
You might also like[Hook: Das EFX & Ice Cube]
So chickity-check yo' self before you wreck yo' self
Come on and check yo' self before you wrickity-wreck yo' self
So chickity-check yo' self before you wreck yo' self
'Cause big dicks up yo' ass is bad for ya health

[Post-Hook: Ice Cube & Ad-Rock]
Mic-mic-microphone check (One, two! Check it!)
Mic-mic-microphone check (One, two! Check it!)

[Verse 3: Ice Cube]
If you're foul, you better run a make on that license plate
You coulda had a V8
Instead of a tre-eight slug to the cranium (Pow!)
I got six and I'm aimin' 'em
Will I shoot or keep you guessing?
'Cause fuck you and that shit you're stressing
Bitch, get off the wood, you're no good
There goes the neighborhood hooker (Slut!)
Go ahead and keep your drawers
Giving up the claps and who needs applause
At a time like this, pop the coochie and you dead
The bitch is a Miami Hurricane head
Sprung, niggas call her 'Lips & Lungs'
Nappy dugout, get the fuck out!
'Cause women like you gets no respect
Bitch, you better run a check
[Hook: Das EFX & Ice Cube]
So chickity-check yo' self before you wreck yo' self
So chickity-check yo' self before you wreck yo' self (Yeah)
Come on and check yo' self before you wrickity-wreck yo' self
'Cause bitches like you is bad for my health

[Post-Hook: Ice Cube & Ad-Rock]
Mic-mic-microphone check (One, two! Check it!), come again, check it, yeah
Mic-mic-microphone check (One, two! Check it!), come again, check it, yo

[Hook: Das EFX & Ice Cube]
Chickity-check yo' self before you wreck yo' self
You better chickity-check yo' self before you wreck yo' self, boy
I said check yo' self before you wrickity-wreck yo' self (Check, check)

[Outro: Ice Cube, Ad-Rock & 2Pac]
Mic-microphone check
Mic-microphone check (Check it, one, two!)
Mic-microphone check (One, two!)
Mic-microphone check (Check it, one, two, one, two!)
Mic-microphone check (One, two!)
Mic-microphone check (Check it, one, two!, one, two!)
Mic-microphone check (One, two)
Mic-microphone— (Check yo' self Cube, check yo' self Cube, check yo' self... )15Embed