Mashin’ Up Da World Lyrics[Junior Reid]
Sound your horn!
Stiggetty-yooour-higgety-horrron
Yeah! Sound your horn, boy!
You see..
Dem want to kill de youths
Kill de youths and Kings
Dead first at eleven
Never tell de youths that Pokemon be the settin'
Never tell de youths
Send down to earth be the endin'
Now look what I did..
[Hook: Junior Reid]
Mashin' Up Da Earth
Ghetto youths they wanna destroy
But what peace must sanctify we if they use them guns for toys?
Do you ever spend a night in an Upstate prison before?
Not to mention Rikers Island to see dem youths dem sleepin' on the floor

[Guru]
Check the cycle God ended
What's the fate of this planet?
Black on black love and hate's got my people frantic
Peep the criminal mind
The subliminal line
Such difficult times
Automatic pistols and Glock nines
I wish I could stop time
For the cat who drop dime
Thinkin' about his lifeline
A young man told me that my wise words saved his life
It made me feel good
Made me feel real good
Back in the day I used to steal goods
Dreams without means is like a lack of self-esteem or lack of CREAM
I go for delf or roll out for the team

[Chorus 2X
Line 1 only]
You might also like[Prodigal Sunn]
Feel the pain of the ghetto through a teardrop
My peers stop and listen from eighteen years
Muslim and Christian We all face conviction
In this moment of oppression The world is like infection
On this block we confessin'
I use my mind as a weapon
Like I told my brothers Glock and Snub
Ain't No Half-Steppin' We gotta live Heaven
And watch our seeds taste the blessin'
I learned my lesson 'bout havin' snakes around my crew
Now I know the evil that men do and bitches too
We had thought by our riches
Some called thugs and snitches
Through the different timeframes
Kid, I watched crime change
In the time of fame
My man is like crack/cocaine
But through the black rain I seen many suffer in pain
We go for gain and pain
Now they rock some fat gold chains
Iced-out name perform a concert, sellin' out in Maine
Own the properties and all types of things
Some say the drug game and the music game is all the same

[Junior Reid]
Ooh.. Pray for the youths
Said me nah gon' cry.. Ooh-ooh-ooh..
[Hook line one only]

[Guru]
We can no longer put all the blame on the man
For those sellin' out I'm sayin', "Shame on the man"
For those fallin' victim I'm sayin', "Make a new plan"
And for those that need a way I'm sayin', "Take my hand"
See this mental slavery causes rash behavior, G
And I have to say for me that I wish it would all stop
Before we become extinct before we all drop
And R.I.P. to the rappers that's been slain
And R.I.P. to the fine young men who've lost their lives
I feel the pain
And do you know what it's like to lose a loved one?
It makes you numb
Especially when it's over somethin' small but ain't no fun
I lose four friends in one year I could feel
Them watchin' over me see their faces still
Some clear and some fear what's out there
For me I have no time to and may I remind you
This is a corrupted world of our design, du'
Peep my discussion no one can changes these things but us, son
We didn't ask for the liquor, crack and guns
We didn't ask for the poor eduction and lack of funds
But I know one thing none of us wanna die
But still we're Mashin' Up this World and I don't know why

[Hook line one only]

[Hook]

[Junior Reid]
Ooh.. Pray for the youths
Said me nah gon' cry.. Ooh-ooh-ooh..
Mom and Dad wipe the tears from ya eyes..
Ooh.. Pray for the youths
Said me nah gon' cry.. Ooh-ooh-ooh..
Ooh-ooh-ooh.. Riot in the prison
Rikers Island
When a gust of G-P-E Babylon will stand to see
So the sentence can't be free
Ooh-ooh-ooh.. Ooh.. Pray for the youths
Said me nah gon' cry.. Ooh-ooh-ooh..
Ooh-ooh-ooh..

[Hook line one only]

[Hook]

[Junior Reid]
Ooh.. Pray for the youths
Said me nah gon' cry..
Ooh-ooh-ooh..Embed