The Omen Lyrics[Intro]
*Woman sobbing*
— Oh, God, please don't take my child! He's not ready to die. Oh, God, he's gon' take him from us! I hear him comin'! I hear him coming! Noooo, coming!
— Mmmmmm... Him, Him, Him, Him
— Oh, God, please don’t take my child!
— What’s this?
— He's not ready to die! Oh, God, he's gon' take him from us!
*Heart monitor flatlines*
*Woman screaming*

[Verse 1: DMX]
You still right here shorty, told you I got you
Like the way I scooped you when them faggot niggas shot you
I'ma hold you down and I mean that for real
But every time you beef with a nigga, I end up havin' to kill
It ain't like that, and hey, forget about them two kids
'Bout to get a deal and it's as nice as you is
Oh, you think? — Nah, I'm just playin', wassup?
Got some new bitches, I know you tryna fuck
Not really — What, I ain't your man no more?
Just because a nigga don't need a hand no more?
You know how we do, if one goes soft
We all take the pussy and go up in her raw
It's like now, where you goin', I ain't tryin to take it
Fuckin' with a nigga like you, I won't make it
It'll be what it is... — Yo, you in for the night?
I'm 'bout to take it to the crib — You get home, aight?
[Chorus: Marilyn Manson]
The snake (Snake), the rat (Rat), the cat and the dog (Dog)
How you gonna live when you're in the fog?
The snake (Snake), the rat (Rat), the cat and the dog (Dog)
How you gonna live when you're in the fog?

[Verse 2: DMX]
Yo, I ain't fuckin' with this nigga no more, word to my mother
Fuck it, so you know I'm for sure, word to my brother
It's like he's gotten worse than before, son of "I wonder"
What type of dirt this nigga got in store for me to get under?
Then I get the call: "Yo?"
"X! Police just killed your cousin, underneath the projects
Don't get vexed, niggas'll pay, 'member I got you
Told you I got you; Dawg, I got you!"
I'm in a catch twenty-two, but them niggas got to pay
But I know he gon' be askin' for a favor one day
But fuck it, I ain't got no choice in the matter
Them faggots killed my peoples, and I wanna see 'em splatter
That's what I'm talkin' 'bout, we ain't on no kid shit
And I'ma use the same gun that you killed them two kids with
Is that hard to live with? — Nah — See, you still a playa
But what you want from me? — Ahh, I'll tell you later
[Chorus: Marilyn Manson]
The snake (Snake), the rat (Rat), the cat and the dog (Dog)
How you gonna live when you're in the fog?
The snake (Snake), the rat (Rat), the cat and the dog (Dog)
How you gonna live when you're in the fog?
You might also like[Verse 3: DMX]
Shit is all over the news: 'Bomb goes off in Central'
What the fuck have I gotten myself into?
The mental is like, "Get the fuck outta there!"
I'm out — Hey, goin' somewhere?
Nah — What's the bag for? — Fuck it, what you want?
Can your nigga come inside, for a minute and puff a blunt?
Here we go again... — After what I just gave you?
Wasn't actin' like that, when you asked for that favor
Yo, I ain't asked you for shit! — Oh, yes you did!
When you really needed somethin' then you allowed me to give
You sold me your soul when you didn't say no
Just let a nigga go; now gimme what you owe!
Fuck were you thinkin'? Ain't shit for free!
Ain't a motherfucker you know can defeat me!
Forgive me Father, for I have sinned
And with your help, I know the Devil won't win!

[Bridge: Marilyn Manson]
(Kill, kill, kill, kill; X, X, X, X)
Take you all on a way to hell
(Kill, kill, kill, kill; X, X, X, X)
We know what to do, we do it well
(Kill, kill, kill, kill; X, X, X, X)
Take you all on a way to hell
(Kill, kill, kill, kill; X, X, X, X)
We know what to do and we do it well
[Outro: Marilyn Manson]
This is Marilyn Manson, DMX, Ruff Ryders
This is Marilyn Manson, DMX, Ruff Ryders, Swizz Beatz
DMX, Ruff Ryders, Swizz Beatz, Ruff Ryders, Swizz Beatz63Embed