I Go On Lyrics[Intro]
Yeah! This is Lyte coming at you. Shouting out to everybody in the hood.. up to no good. The ruffneck got it going on! Yeah and i'ma do it like this

[Verse 1]
Now kick it!
You flap your tongue and talk about this and that
But all of that wrong rap is real whack
I'm on a roll of my own, you can't play me
So when you talk about the Lyte, get it right, baby
Because I think I'm all that, making niggas call back
They hit the cat and I refuse to call 'em back
It ain't worth it for the moment or the minute
You was in it then you want it but, no, now ya done, kid
I'm only taking shorts if it means I'm wearing 'em
Some of these guys, yo, I'm only scared of them
They can't handle what I got to give and always will
I'm not the run of the mill
I got skills I go on and on as ya boy, K Born!
But I had to kick 'em out before the dawn turn 'em on
[Hook]
I go on and on and on and on
Let it flow, ya don't stop
I go on and on and on and on
Let it flow or ya don't stop!

[Verse 2]
A night owl on the prowl, here's a victim
Soon as I spot 'em bu duh duh, duh duh stick em
Now I got 'em where I want him
And he's all mine, no crime but now he's on prime time
We hit the door, did the booty in the slow mo'
I like to spank 'em, gave 'em bacon on the down low
But that's all, that's it, see ya later, hops
I gave ya props but I'm gonna drop ya at the bus stop
'Cause you was on it like a hornet dog on it
Got me heated then ya beat it now you know just how to treat it
You kinda slow tho when it comes to brain cells
But you can go 'cause I came and I did it well
Sorry to hurt ya but honey, I'm a real one
You got to go if you ain't the funky feel one
And when I'm out it I hope that ya not torn
Because my brother life goes on

[Hook x4]
You might also like[Verse 3]
Now let's swing back on the topic
Brothers wanna pop it, knock it and lock it
I'm not having it 'cause I control my destiny
I'm never letting a punk get the best of me
So ease up if yo, you on a jealous tip
I'm not about to be the victim in the news clip
'Cause unlike some girls I fight back
Or get the boys double up and do a head crack
I only here for the righten night
To be hit not smack not slapped or kicked
So if you coming my way you gotta be strong
Strong enough to know that hitting a women is wrong
'Cause just like you, I can find others
Too brothers that do the do quicker than you
So if you looking for a straight up relationship
Keep looking 'cause I ain't staying kid
Because I'm outta and I hope that ya not torn
But never give up 'cause life goes on

[Hook x4]

[Outro]
Yeah coming at you for 1993, pumping in ya car pumping ya jeep
Just like that! I like to give a shoutout to Brooklyn in the house, Queens, Staten Island, Long Island, Uptown, Bronx, New York is definitely in effect! LA! Detroit! Chicago! Atlanta! Virgina! Carolinas! Cacalac! Cacalac!Embed