White Gurl Lyrics[Chorus: E-40]
White girl, white girl, white girl, white girl
White girl, white girl, white girl, white girl (I got that)
White girl, white girl, white girl, white girl (I got that)
White girl, white girl, white girl, white girl (Ouhhh)
Girl-girl, girl-girl, girl-girl, girl-girl (Ouhhhh)
Girl-girl, girl-girl, girl-girl, girl-girl (Ouhhhh)

[Verse 1: E-40]
Ouhh, I throw the yola in the pot, let it simmer and bathe
Add a little baking soda, make it foam like aftershave
I like to serve my dope wet, cause it weigh a hella lot more
You can smell the residue and the fumes from next door
Ouh, turf superstar, microwaves and pickle jars
Portable digital scales, custom-painted muscle cars
Pimpin', where the razor blade? Use a safety pin
"What they goin fo'?" Nigga what you trying to spend?
When it's a drought, I just sit on my dope and wait
For the prices to skyrocket and rise like real estate
I got that ice cream, that candy, that girl, that white-white-white
My car's a Charger 2006 Hemi, tight-tight-tight
I'm a d-boy! Bootch! I thought you knew
Just like every other motherfucker in my crew (Bitch!)
Bundle in the bushes, chopper up in the tree
AK will light up your chest like ET
[Chorus: E-40]
White girl, white girl, white girl, white girl (I got that)
White girl, white girl, white girl, white girl (I got that)
White girl, white girl, white girl, white girl (I got that)
White girl, white girl, white girl, white girl (Ouhhh)

[Verse 2: Juelz Santana]
Ugh, now let me introduce the (World) to my (Girl)
She white, she bright, she shine like a pearl (Pearl)
And I ain't talking 'bout Lindsay Lohan
I'm talkin 'bout that sniff, that blow, man (What?)
That... One hit that'll get you open
Might make your nose bleed, if it's potent (Uh-huh)
So if you're not ready, homie, don't tamper with it (Don't)
She the chick who had Tony Montana slippin' (Damn)
She so bad she make you mad
But soon as you get mad, she make you cash
(That white girl) But she ain't always that (Light)
She ain't always that (Bright), she ain't always that (White)
(Nope!) Gimme one girl (One), I mean one gram (One)
I'll teach how to give a white girl a suntan (Look)
Put it in that pot, 'til it get that hot
Then start to Sir Mix-A-Lot! Ayy!

[Chorus: E-40]
White girl, white girl, white girl, white girl (I got that)
White girl, white girl, white girl, white girl (I got that)
White girl, white girl, white girl, white girl (I got that)
White girl, white girl, white girl, white girl (Ouhhh)
You might also like[Verse 3: Bun B]
Well, down in the Dirty, South, to be exact
Gettin money with white girls is a well-known fact
I like 'em black, brown, Puerto Rican, or Asian
But nothing bring the bread back like a Caucasian
Whether, winter or fall, summer or spring
A white girl's always down for doing the damn thing (Fo' sho')
Put her on the highway, she ain't no punk
Got a white girl drivin with white girls in the trunk (Hol' up)
I ain't lying, it's the best thing going
When my white girl's around, it's always snowing
Momma can't stand her, telling me to switch
Sayin I'ma go to jail fucking with that white bitch (No shit)
Always around to keep me paid
With some white girls on my team, I got it made
So if you down on your luck, and got no money
Then do what I do (What?): go get you a snow bunny, man!
A...

[Chorus: E-40]
White girl, white girl, white girl, white girl (I got that)
White girl, white girl, white girl, white girl (I got that)
White girl, white girl, white girl, white girl (I got that)
White girl, white girl, white girl, white girl (Ouhhh)

[Verse 4: Pimp C]
I got the Pyrex working with the white girl in it
It's the dope Super Bowl and nigga, I'm 'bout to win it
No question marks or commas, nigga, we got the 'Scama
When we through with this batch, we going out to the Bahamas
I keep a silk broad when I'm fucking with the hard
'Cause they never get stopped by the motherfucking cops
Bootch look hard but this bitch is a fraud
Don't like to see me ball, want me to go rock-for-rock
Move around, bitch, you need to get out the way
I keep a young Suzy when it's time to move 'yay
You need to learn the game before you try to play
'Cause like Cal-Gon, them laws will take you away
So I keep me a snow bunny, riding in the front
With a triple zillion head and a platinum cunt
You already know they eat nuts like a squirrel
Let me hit you in your ass and bust nuts in your curl, white girl!
Hahahaha, you bitch! Hahahahaha1Embed