Laughing at You Lyrics[Intro: Tony Sunshine]
Ha Ha Ha
Do you see me now
You remember me? The guy from the back of the class that used to wear the glasses?
The one you used to laugh at?
Look at me now, brother
Do you like fruit?
Well, I'm chewin your girls nipples
How do you like them apples, asshole?

[Hook: Tony Sunshine & Big Pun]
I'm laughing at you
I'm laughing at you now
You told me I was ugly
I was scared to crack a smile
Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha
I'm Laughing at you now
Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha
I'm laughing at you
[Verse 1: Big Pun]
600 Benz, 20 inch rims, house on the hill, hittin' mad skin
Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha
It was all a scheme I used to load the teck with the magazine
So I was mean but I still had a scheme
17 years young everything seemed fun
Still considered a veteran cause I feared none
Pun's from the street where there ain't no rules
But carried heat cause he ain't no fool
Ain't no room for dollars in negative digits
So debted followers and got rid of the quitters
That never forget us cause we've been down since the
Genesis 200 horse power to 400 Pegasus
The messages don't sleep till its over
Next thing you know shorty seven feet
Tippin' over I'm still in the water drownin'
Knights and murder till the immortal terror squad
Threw me a life preserver now im ice forever
Stomach bustin' out the white carrera
Life is better now niggas wanna rhyme together
¡Ay qué será! What can I do but take you to strive
¡Ay qué hago! I hope the streets don't take me alive
You wasted your life and refused the struggle while
I aim for the sky pay dues and bubbles I WIN!

[Hook: Tony Sunshine & Big Pun]
I'm laughing at you
I'm laughing at you now
You told me I was ugly
I was scared to crack a smile
Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha
I'm Laughing at you now
Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha
I'm laughing at you
You might also like[Verse 2: Big Pun]
Now it's not funny cause I'm hot and got a pot of money
A lot of hunnies around (Don't stop do the brown for me)
My every wish is her command call her bitch she understands
I reminisce how she used to dis me and my man
Check part of the plan she told my son I wasn't the man
I ain't gonna to stop till I got a heart in my hand
I can silence the lamb but couldn't silence her cause
She was as wild as a man with a bottle of liquor
I'm not going to hit her I'm gonna debt her tonight
Double platinum now shes one in the tribe well in the ride now
Well in a fly gettin' high now no more whiteout send the cubans
To provide now it's my world I demand my respect
Give me your girl or get slapped in your neck
Ain't nothin' change im still humble and modest
And im always proud to admit I came straight from the projects
Hardy har har har

[Tony Sunshine]
Don't you forget about me now
Don't(4x)
Don't you forget about me now
Dont(4x) naw
Nah Nah Nah Nah....
Nah Nah Nah Nah....
Nah Nah Nah Nah.....Nah Nah Nah Nah
(*repeat 2x*)
[Tony Sunshine]
Don't you forget about me now
I said don't..don't...don't...don't

Chorus5Embed