Captain Kirk Lyrics[Intro: Master P]
Are you ready to boldly go where no family has gone before?
The Ghetto Enterprise has landed
Captain Kirk has arrived, I repeat, Captain Kirk has arrived
Women - if you're lucky, Captain Kirk will save you and beam your loved ones to the fortune and fame you are lookin' for.
I mean the next generation, ya' heard me?
Are you ready? (Yes, I am!!!!)

[Verse 1: Master P & Fiend]
Somebody musta' told these hoes I was a muthafuckin' rapper
But will they didn't tell them hoes that I was a muthafuckin'
Gambler
And all the bitches I done broke fo' they bank
I got so many cocktales I need a muthafuckin' fish tank
I got hoes like acorns fallin' outta trees
No Limit niggas don't save hoes
Ain’t no Captain Save a Ho gonna breeze
Now, Now, Now P, all the time, I done put in work
I ain't know, I was livin' next door to Captain Kirk
Kept a smirk on his face, lookin' like Joe Sausage
Come to find out, some bitch holdin' his money down hostage
Got keys to his cottage, done changed the alarm on the Ac'
And all he get to do, is eat that funky ho from the back
On top of that - the bitch fat, makin' a career off this nigga
And all his homies gone, because they can't get it clear to this nigga
Go figure, all she wanted was that man's lil' change
But if it was me, I'da been done smacked that bitch in the brains
[Chorus: Master P]
Captain Kirk, can you save me?
Captain Kirk, I wanna have yo' baby
Captain Kirk, can you save me?
Captain Kirk, I wanna have yo' baby
Captain Kirk, can you save me?
Captain Kirk, I wanna have yo' baby
Captain Kirk, can you save me?
Mr. Captain Kirk, I wanna have yo baby!

[Verse 2: Silkk The Shocker]
See I met this bad ass trick, I mean this bad ass bitch
Tellin' her friends about month go by see I'ma be like, buyin' her shit
I bought her lunch the first time but see there trick that's nothin' but game
I hit it one time and they be callin' back talkin' bout' "Silkk, why you do all that playin'?"
And she had the nerve to tell me if I ain't a fuckin' trick I'm worthless
I told her Bitch if you ain't suckin' dick then none of yo' clit defeats the purpose
Figured she had game, tryin' to fuck a young balla nigga like my mind
I figured lookin' at me she see nothin' but dollar signs
Simply, a bitch might give you some weed, a bitch might give you a buck
Man, but since you my boy you better use a condom before you try to fuck
Take the game from this show bug, 'cause Silkk ain't no love
I give 'em a little somethin', but at the end I take 'em back and get the most love
And ain't no beam 'em up Scotty, ain't no savin' hoes that ain't puttin' in no work
It all depends on TRU niggas like us, not no Captain Kirk (Bitch freeze)
All you ghetto ho's get yo' Lee Press-On Nails, fix yo' wig
Bring yo' Bebe kids 'cause the Ghetto Enterprise is leavin' in
Approximately five minutes
You might also like[Chorus: Master P]
Captain Kirk, can you save me?
Captain Kirk, I wanna have yo' baby
Captain Kirk, can you save me?
Captain Kirk, I wanna have yo' baby
Captain Kirk, can you save me?
Captain Kirk, I wanna have yo' baby
Captain Kirk, can you save me?
Mr. Captain Kirk, I wanna have yo baby!

[Verse 3: Mystikal]
Aww HOLD UP!!!, WAIT A MINUTE!!!
Lil mama done got me bent
[What] the fuck you mean, where I was?, who I was with?
And where the fuck I went?
Bitch get beside yoself, you probably WOULD
If I left ya', but I ain't gon put you on no pedestal, jus cause
I hit you with that pressure
You smokin' my weed ridin' my ride
I'm TRYIN' TO KEEP IT REAL
I can’t seem to satisfy this bitch
She trippin' bout' her BILLS!!!
Her rent ain't paid, but she got her hair done
This bitch gotta be stopped!!!
Ho thinks she got it made, gon' ride my pockets to the top
But oh no, you Bitch, you
I ain't responsible, for what that other nigga did to you
[Don't] give a fuck what that nigga bought you
Give a fuck bout' what you and another nigga been through
Get the fuck out my face, ya' fam too, stop runnin'
Behind my G dues, can't wait to see that nigga that got
Acting like that cause that ass whoopin' been due
It's a nigga like that, that make it hard
For me and the rest of my niggas
Meeting these tramps and treat em like queens
SHE GETTIN' THE BEST'A YOU NIGGA!!!
Lettin' dem' hoes sit on they ass, and come up off yo' hard work
This Mystikal, Master P, Fiend and Silkk
NOT NO CAPTAIN KIRK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
[Chorus: Master P]
Captain Kirk, can you save me?
Captain Kirk, I wanna have yo' baby
Captain Kirk, can you save me?
Captain Kirk, I wanna have yo' baby
Captain Kirk, can you save me?
Captain Kirk, I wanna have yo' baby
Captain Kirk, can you save me?
Mr. Captain Kirk, I wanna have yo baby!

[Outro: Master P]
Captain Kirk, you know I have six kids
Even though they ain't from you
Baby my kids love you
Kirk baby, you know we need a... brand new color TV
I know you pay the rent
Even though I ain't gave you none in the last year
Baby we need a brand new car boo
Six hundred, S-E-L, Mercedes four door V-12
Oh I took that extra checkbook
I need my... hair, nails, toes did
I want a brand new house
A five karat diamond ring for my birthday, and
Don't forget to pick up some pampers and milk
Also I chose pickles, and Ice Cream
I think I'm pregnant, smile Kirk, your finally
Gonna be a father, oh yeah, and don't forget to
Pick up your cape out the cleaners
Mr. Kirk's enterprise will be beaming up out of
The ghetto in five seconds
Four
Three
Two
One
*Sound of airplane or some other aircraft taking off and flying away*Embed