Lodi Dodi Lyrics
Yeah, gotta say what's up to my nigga Slick Rick
For those who don't like it, eat a dick
But for those who with me, sing that shit
As it go a little something like this

Lodi Dodi, we likes to party
We don't cause trouble, we don't bother nobody
We're just some niggas who're on the mic
And when we rock up on the mic, we rock the mic (right)
For all my Doggs keepin' y'all in health
Just to see you smile and enjoy yourself
'Cause it's cool when you cause the cozy condition in
Which we create, cause that's our mission
So listen close, to what we say
Because this types of shit happens every day
I woke up around 10 o'clock in the morning
I gave myself a stretch, up, a morning yawn, and
Went to the bathroom to wash up
I threw some soap on my face and put my hands up on a cup
And said "Um, mirror mirror, on, the wall
Who is the top dog of them all?"
There was a ruffle duffle, five minutes it lasted
The mirror said, "You are, you conceited bastard!"
Well that's true! That's why we never have no beef
So I slipped off my khakis and my gold leaf
Used Oil of Olay 'cause my skin gets pale
And then I got the file for my fingernails
I'm true to the style on my behalf
I put some bubbles in the tub so I can take a bubble bath
Clean, dry, was my body and hair
I threw on my brand new doggy underwear
For all the bitches I might take home
I got the Johnson's Baby Powder and Cool Water cologne
Now I'm fresh, dressed like a million bucks
Threw on my white socks, with my all-blue Chucks
Stepped out the house, stopped short, "oh no"
I went back in, "I forgot my Indo!"
Then I dilly (dally) I ran through a (alley)
I bumped into this smoker named (Sally) from the (Valley)
This was a girl playing hard to get
So I said "What's wrong?" 'cause she looked upset
She said, um:
It's all because of you, I'm feeling sad and blue
You went away, now my life is filled with rainy days
I love you so, how much you'll never know
'Cause you took your dope away from me

Damn, now what was I to do?
She's crying over me and she was feelin blue
I said, "Um, don't cry, dry your eye
And here comes your mother with those two little guys"
Her mean mother steps then says to me "Hi!"
Decked Sally in the face and punched her in the eye
Punched her in the belly and stepped on her feet
Slammed the child on the hard concrete
The bitch was strong, the kids was gone
Something was wrong I said, "What was goin on?"
I tried to break it up, I said, "Stop it, just leave her!"
She said, "If I can't smoke none, she can't either!"
She grabbed me closely by my socks
And so I broke the hell out, and I grabbed my sack of rocks
But um, they gave chase, they caught up quick
They started crying on my shoes and grabbin' my dick
And saying "Why don't you give me a play
So we can break it down the Long Beach way
And if you give me that okay
I'll give you all my love today
Doggy, Doggy, Doggy, can't you see?
Somehow your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your jazzy ways
Doggy Dogg, your love is here to stay"
You might also likeAnd on and on and on she kept goin'
The bitch been around before my mother's born!
I said "Cheer up!" and I gave her a hit
I said, "You can't have me, I'm too young for you bitch!"
She said, "No you're not!" then she starts cryin'
I says I'm 19, she says, "Stop lyin!"
I says, "I am, go ask my mother
And with your wrinkled pussy, I can't be your lover"

Yeah, uh, tick-tock ya don’t stop
And to the, uh, tick-tock n'ya don’t quit
Yeah, n'ya tick-tock ya don’t stop
And to the, uh, tick-tock n'ya don’t quit
Biatch!23Embed