Come Gangsta Lyrics
The spiked, red hair and the... and the paint on his face
Woah, hold on man, Tech is losin' it man
He's not as grounded as he used to be
Tech was a devil worshiper
They seen a black dude with red hair and a long beard
I mean look, he look scary to me too
And that nigga Tech, man, he sellin' out, man
That... that's... he's doin' that for the white folks
Thats white shit he doin', man
I've been writing for nineteen years for sure
Hate rules in these times
Niggas don't wanna see me shine
Stop me, and then try to tell me (come gangsta)
And then compare me to Nelly (where's yo bank, bruh?)
So this song's gonna tell these
So called gangsta niggas who the fuck
Has always been the bigger G
Hey, I've been bustin', and fizznuckin' bitches
It is nothin', for years puffin'
I've been clutchin' riches from his muffin'
Here's "Fuck you niggas", this is tough and I
Don't know what the fuck you thinkin'
Tellin' me this shit is hella fake
Say, since way back in the days rappin', the blaze happened
I raised raves, crazed days, was blade packin', and stage saggin'
They's wack and N9na stayed layed back and I
Laugh at negros constantly
They never know the money N9na makes
Hey, this is amazin' how niggas formulate they hatin'
You fuckin' fornicate, you're mistaken
We could never correlate 'cause you fakin', huh?
Who's bringin' in through bacon, huh?
Who's keepin' it shakin', huh?
Got any questions Sinister Tech and Tecca N9na
Niggas know the rest
Gay is all you punks and Mitch Bades
This in your trunk, won't get played on the radio
Too gangsta for an old lady, bro
Gangsta niggas don't hate me, no
Wanksta niggas won't face me, though
Talkin' shit in books 'bout people tellin' me I really need a vest
Okay!
You might also like
I rep the town harder than any of you niggas
Wherever I stand, my appeal's the same, punk
And you got the nerve to tell me

Come gangsta
Throw your rags in the air
And know that nobody there
Will compare to your gangsta
Sag your pants to the floor
Every woman's a bitch or a whore
When you're gangsta
Pack ya guns in the club
If they shrug give them thugs mean mugs
Yeah come gangsta
Is what they sayin' to me

I should've been done come with a gun
For the ones who bump they gums, you the one
Said a nigga wasn't gonna make another record
Said I was wack and washed up, done
Said a nigga might scare little ones
He's a fuckin' nightmare, here he comes
With red hair and my face painted
They said (Gangsta)
Messy Marv and Corleone is so (Gangsta)
But I really ain't (Gangsta)
I need to come a little (Gangsta)
Scritch the Scratch, my nigga Fat Tone is so (Gangsta)
You need a bit of that (Gangsta)
You need to hang with a (Gangsta)
Mr. Stinky Vigilante's so (Gangsta)
Brotha Lynch is (Gangsta)
The Bigga Figga is (Gangsta)
57 RDVs are so (Gangsta)
That nigga Fiddy is (Gangsta)
They say!
When you in them streets, creep creep
'Cause some gangstas wanna head blast
'Cause I run with the red rags
Ain't tryna make the feds flash
Try to swipe my bread stash
That's that bullshit I'm gon' skip and
Try to go and get the money grip
Okay, you niggas kill me
You're Nosferatu vampire, bit my shit
'Cause you niggas feel me
Surprised I got you right here with my shit
So you gotta be thankful to who?
By the way homie what's gangsta to you?
Money, dope and alcohol and
Plenty bitches all up on your dick
I got that
How can C-Bo be wrong?
How can Yukmouth be wrong?
How can Lynch be wrong?
How can 2Pac be wrong, bitch?!

Come gangsta
Throw your rags in the air
And know that nobody there
Will compare to your gangsta
Sag your pants to the floor
Every woman's a bitch or a whore
When you're gangsta
Pack ya guns in the club
If they shrug give them thugs mean mugs
Yeah come gangsta
Is what they sayin' to me

I've been nice to you rapper cats for a long time
I left Kansas City so them other cats can go and shine
But it seems these punks are confused because I'm my own kind
But I'm back on deck 'cause Kansas City is whose throne? Mine!
This ain't no punk shit
Nigga this is strength at its finest
I made this shit so you all you simps can rewind it
Meaning you pussies who say this Tech shit ain't hard for real
And try to disregard the real
You motherfuckers is hard to feel
I get your death threats 'cause I'm the king bitch
Money, groupies, drugs and alcohol and bling shit
But I stay ahead of the game
And you punks is so late
'Cause my one gangsta track will demolish your whole tape
I've been with every rapper who's legendary
Underground to mainstream know that Tech is very hard
'Cause I bring the heater
Love me 'cause I'm your leader
Bitches, they suck my Peter
While I'm drinkin' Margaritas
Niggas get layed down
Seven displayed sounds
N9ne, the crazed clown
Lines like sprayed rounds
This is for all you haters who don't pump my shit
If you say this ain't gangsta you can suck my dick!

I might look like a clown, huh
But you niggas sound like a muthafuckin' circus
Fuck you muthafuckas

This nigga is the tightest nigga movin' man
I mean... Tech N9ne will demolish all you niggas
From the stage show to rockin' the mic, you name it
That's why I roll with him
He my favorite rapper, real talk
Tech N9ne9Embed