DJ Clue Freestyle Lyrics[Produced by DJ Clue]

[Intro: Canibus & DJ Clue]
Word up!
Yo, what up? This is Canibus about to black out
Representin' Group Home, shout out to Lost Boyz, Def Squad
Charles Suitt, Mr. Sexx, DJ Clue, and Desert Storm
Let's drop it
Haha! Hoo! Canibus, freestyle, niggas know, Clue!

[Verse: Canibus]
Yo, I speak at frequencies dogs would have trouble hearin'
Canibus is the lyrical version of German engineering
Raw metaphors keep you high for months
Fly around the Earth twice without refuelin' once
Ain't too many categories I can fit in when it come to spittin'
'Cause I'm overqualified for the position
The laser-guided lyrical hybrid
Creatin' scripts so sick, I gotta arm-wrestle my pen to write it
Don't get excited, 'cause if I ever catch one of you wannabe's bitin'
We're gonna be fist-fightin'
So motherfuckers, what you want? I got the shotgun pumped
You feel like a frog, nigga? Then jump
I posses the lyrical ammo to battle
And rip any one of you warm-blooded mammals to shambles
I make examples of you and eat a mouth full of ya crew
The type of MC you can't outdo
I'll battle you on the net, I'll battle you in the flesh
I'll battle you over the phone, you can call me collect
I'll battle you for the respect, I'll battle you over a blank cheque
I'll battle you with a gun to my neck
I'll battle you standin' over the toilet with my dick out
I'll battle you jugglin' a hand grenade with the pin out
In a stolen car with the VIN number ripped out
Drinkin' a Guinness Stout, doin' a 360 spin-out
I stay righteous like Farrakhan, puffin' on the marijuan'
You understand where I'm comin' from?
You number one? Then I'm negative two
Basically, nigga, that means I'm still better than you
Basic mathematics, the verbal mechanics of rhymin'
Behold, I crush a piece of coal and create a diamond
On the microphone, I'm sicker than those
Who've Acquired-Immune-Deficiency-Syndromes
And every word I utter for hip-hop lovers
Will reflect forever like two mirrors facin' each other
The baddest M-Other, F-Ucker
Let me break the style down so you don't have to wonder
I walk the B-Lock with G-Lock C-Ocked
Tryin' to get the D-R-Op on the C-Ops
Blow spots, capsize boats, shipwreck yachts
Head-shots hit you at 300 nautical knots
You callin' the cops, complainin' about the hip-hop
Gettin' Benjamin's like The L-OX, it don't stop
Eh-eh, eh-eh, put away your burners, you can't serve us
My whole camp is allergic to bein' murdered
Metaphors is proof I got more than just a couple screws loose
Latinos call me the Black Jesús
So for all who believe the telekinesis of Jesus
I touch a paraplegic and heal himYou might also like1Embed