K.O.D. Lyrics
Mhm, okay
I hear you
No
Yes
I'm your servant
I have the plan
And I'll give it to 'em
Like you told me to

Wanna live in my world you have to have a Tech tat
Preferably the number N9ne and you gotta get it
Where the back of your neck's at
That'll let me know that you rep that, plus get you out of a death trap
You need it for living 'cause I'm the king
And I'm giving you the permission to get wit' a no stress pact
Novus Ordo Seclorum 'cause the old world orders' post mortem
It's failure inhaling sailing delta
Watched it swell and swelter
'Til it was no male in shelter
Yes I'm the one that provided ya shell in hell and held ya
When your politicians were welchers
So I built this structure just to help ya
So the communists can't come and quell ya
They call me the King of Darkness when I offer you no pain
Why would they label me heartless when your love is my cocaine
And your soul is my Rogaine, I have a thirst to know your brain
When you enter my domain gotta take this number for your name
But you don't have to drink cyanide, I'm gonna be right by your side
If we gotta take that riot ride on the enemy and defy your side
Fight for the place we're building
For the reproduction of more children
Trying to get that number back around 6 billion
I'm gonna rule until then
Founded this colony like a pilgrim
Anybody try to penetrate this section or threaten we kill them
What if?
K. O. D. oh K. O. D. oh
What if, he is, what he says he is?
The King Of Darkness!
K. O. D. oh K. O. D. oh
What if, he is, what he says he is?
The King Of Darkness!

Xes lliw eb yrotadnam yliad
Ylthgin, this women need to be living by it
Stay fit and way driven paste it and dye it
I am the king killer captain crazed frigging pilot
Giving you these khaki pants and white shirt
That's what you wear on my Earth
Eliminating your eye thirst to have any kinda desires
To envy material or admire, my way will extract any type of divider
I'm offering this wider
Understanding of life entirely
Blissfully evading friction and fire, chea
The number N9ne will get you food, even get you tools
To build anything your family choose, but within my rules
All white shoes with red strings for all my crews
That lets me know you Tech's people listening inside my pews
All your dreams and aspirations, this is the affirmation
That you can reach 'em in my world, it's not a disaster waiting
No bruises and lacerations, no choosers of aggravation
I'm just try'na rehab a nation from exasperation
It's not an exaggeration, I'm something more than your blood and gore
On a level higher than devils or that of Satan
You might also like
What if?
K. O. D. oh K. O. D. oh
What if, he is, what he says he is?
The King Of Darkness!
K. O. D. oh K. O. D. oh
What if, he is, what he says he is?
The King Of Darkness!

When I did 'Anghellic' I was good and bad, straight confused
Then an angel turned to "Devil Boy" when the 'Reparation' blew
Then demons had 'Absolute Power' when I drug abused
So the angels searched for the 'Vintage Tech'
But they found that the love was through
Then an accident would happen that made life look necessary
So now receiving God, the angel was 'Everready'
But the 'Melancholy' strikes, the loving angels mommy's life
So the 'Misery' sat into the angels now becoming ice
So as mom got ill and iller, when it hurts her he can feel her
To the strain of the pain made him bane
There's no more angel straight up 'Killer'!
My apologies, it's not very God of me
To go crazy and try to teach the whole world 'Sickology'
I was then split in two, back to the beginning view
Angel/demon 'cause the killer showed me death was overdue
But I gotta live for my kids, all the evil stuff I did
Taught me to teach you, you can love big no matter how much mud you dig
Or dug, you met my demon back when I had that grudge
But I gotta let you know most of my spirit comes from up above
I'm mostly angel, and you know sometime we fall
Living under God and I hope it's listening when I say I love you all!12Embed