Tears of Joy Lyrics
Do you know what we are going to do? We are going to defend ourselves because Huey P. Newton says that, "Power is the ability to define phenomena and make it act in a desired manner." Power is the ability to define phenomena and make it act in a desired manner. Power: if we have the ability to define it, the only next thing to do is get organized. So when a pig walks up to you, or when a pig gets to jiving with the people you be so organized you be learning some tactics, you be learning some revolutionary principles, you be having some guns hid out somewhere, you have some proper tactics that when the pig gets to jiving with you, the pig is wrong, you whip your guns out on him, blow him away, and then you have made the ability, in fact, you have made that pig act in a desired manner

Smokin' a fat spliff in a brand new Benz
No I.D. on the track, let the story begin, begin
Hah, yeah

Lookin' in the mirror but I don't see much
Still runnin' the streets so I don't sleep much
Watchin' the snakes so they don't creep up
But the way I'm gettin' this money, niggas can't keep up
You niggas can't keep up
Niggas got beef but it can’t be much
I'm still walkin' through the crowds like I can't be touched
Top back all black, Gretzky puck
Ice skater lil' later might let me fuck
Damn, she might let me fuck
Last night I cried tears of joy
What did I do to deserve this?
Vacheron on my wrist a year ago
I didn't even know the bitches exist
Quarter milli for the mothafucka
No insurance on the mothafucka
Ain't life a bitch?
But you gotta keep her wet
Keys open doors so I gotta keep a set
Everybody know that I'm a lotta people's threat
Biggie Smalls in the flesh livin' life after my death
Yesterday I read my horoscope
Tell me Lord will I be poor and broke?
Tell me Lord will I be dealin' dope?
I wanna take my momma to the Poconos
But only Lord knows
Goodbye, to all the loved ones I leave behind
At least they can't see me cry
And I ask, when someone wants to be me, whyyyy
Thought havin' everything would ease my mind
If you could read my mind
My God, I'm scarred, I have tattoo tears of joy

Last night I cried tears of joy
What did I do to deserve this?
Young rich motherfucker still uneducated
But dammit a nigga made it
Goddamn a nigga made it
Crib bigger than a church, Lord know I'm blessed
Five different lawyers, Lord know I’m stressed
A punch in the face get you 300K
Ask Vlad, now he back to makin' minimum wage
Another victim of my criminal ways
I wanna walk in the image of Christ
But that bitch Vivica nice
And I'm still swimmin' in ice
I'm just livin' my life
I'm just livin' my life
Lease a Lamborghini for your pussy rate
Life is just a pussy race
Snatch a bitch take her back to your place
Next morning I can tell you how the pussy taste
I got expensive taste
You might also like
Goodbye, to all the loved ones I leave behind
At least they can't see me cry
And I ask, when someone wants to be me, whyyyy
Thought havin' everything would ease my mind
If you could read my mind
My God, I'm scarred, I have tattoo tears of joy

Last night I cried tears of joy
What did we do to deserve this?
Not to dwell on the the past but to keep it real
I gotta represent for Emmett Till
All the dead souls in the field
Lookin at my Rollie it's about that time
White man had a problem with mine
And we suppose to be shy?
The revolution's televised
Bobby still on the rise

Goodbye, to all the loved ones I leave behind
At least they can't see me cry
And I ask, when someone wants to be me, whyyyy
Thought havin' everything would ease my mind
If you could read my mind
My God, I'm scarred, I have tattoo tears of joy13Embed