Eazy-er Said Than Dunn Lyrics[Intro: Dr. Dre]
Yo' man, I don't think they heard you?
Won't you tell 'em what ya name is?

[Verse 1: Eazy-E]
My name is Eazy, yeah, this is true
Keepin' your attention is what I'm gonna do
Hardcore, yo I could never be soft
Askin' me my defin' they say the boy goes off
Fillin' up my memo with a touch of my rhyme
Suckers stayin' with me cause they know the time
Quiet on the set because I'm about to begin
And if you didn't hear me boy I'll tell you again
My name is Eazy or just call me E
But It doesn't really matter to me
'Cause I'm the same person
Whether serious or rehearsin'
I just gotta keep cursin'
This is for the radio so I better chill
They won't play it if I cold get ill
But I'm like that and that's an actual fact
Because the street is where my heart is at
Yo' I don't do dope but I'm dope not a dope
But I'm doper than anybody who tries to cope
If the rhyme I'm displayin'
And the beat that's playin'
Yo, you could try all-day
And you still won't match up with the Ruthless P.O.W
'Cause Eazy's doin' it Compton style
Thats the city and you say you could get some
Yo', it's easier said than done
[Chorus: Eazy-E]
Woo, woo!

[Verse 2: Eazy-E & MC Ren]
Now it's easy for me to get my point across
So listen up close if ya don't ya might get lost
I'm not a role model or a Dr. Seuss yo I'm a gangsta
And I'm about to get stupid
I guess its time for the trauma
With the E-A-Z-Y-E comma now that's drama
So pay attention by the way I must mention
I'm comin' off hard in the third dimension
With the glare
But you don't need no glasses to stare
It'll probably take you in and it's just like you're there
With the E on the gangsta tip
So if you think I'm a flip or slip don't even trip
'Cause I'm a destroyer
My homie Dre is a doctor not a lawyer
Dope MC employer on Ruthless and that's my label
To get the money, the women, and cold bust the fat cables, boy
Master Rhyme's a toy
I mean straight, while you suckin' with the girls enjoy
You must be sick, or you lonely
How you gonna diss me if you don't even know me? (Yo Ren!)
Whassup?
Get the gat show 'em where it's at
And that's just the sound
And next time I'm peelin' your cap
To let you know where I'm comin' from
Eazy said it and it shall be done
You might also like[Chorus: Eazy-E]
Woo, woo!

[Verse 3: Eazy-E & MC Ren]
Creating dope jams is a part of the cycle
"Eazy-er Said Than Dunn", yeah, that's the title
Lovin' the ladies, only the fly ones, ya know?
But what if she's ugly?
Eazy come Eazy go
Don't ask to battle me, homeboy, what's that?
You wanna battle me? Boy, ya better be strapped
'Cause where I'm from it ain't all about that playin'
Now, that's what I'm sayin'
Said before that I was born in '73
Now everybody wants to know the A-G-E
Girls on the tip, fellas too, it seemed
Had everybody thinkin' I was only 15
The fellas would ignore me
The ladies would adore me
And what was I to do?
I wish they’d let the ladies through
'Cause the ladies, I love 'em
Nice, tender and soft
I hate male groupies so just step the hell off
I'm the real Eazy, those others be fakin'
Tryin' to gain fame off the name I'm makin'
Sayin' on your records you could get some
Yo', homeboy, it's easier said than done
[Chorus: Eazy-E]
Woo, woo!9Embed