Stay Strapped Lyrics[Intro - Jeezy]
"Stay strapped, stay strapped" repeated in the background
Gyeah!.. Aye!
Y'all already know what time it is, nigga.. Aye!
Gyeah!.. I'm in the streets every night nigga, I'm in the club every night nigga
I don't see these fuccniggas mayn, these niggas talking on records man
I don't argue with niggas on records, I told you fuccboi -- you know what it is with me, nigga!
You niggas Pro-tool Gangstas mayne, know what I'm saying?
Always said you gone sign yourself or kill yourself nigga
Well you just committed suicide bitch, I'ma let you know that too!
Aye, let's get it!
[Verse 1: Jeezy]
Snowman bitch, 19.5 a piece (Gyeah!)
So when you take them out the wrap, they as white as your teeth (Daaamn)
Keep choppas on decc, stay ready for beef
Little nigga scared shitless, he can't even sleep (Hahaa..)
And you already know what them K's will do
I'll have them pussy niggas scared to stand next to you! (Gyeah!)
Niggas talking all tough, steady hiding and shit
Even his own mama know, Radric Davis a bitch! (Yeeeeaah)
To be honest nigga - there's nothing Gucci about you (Whudd!)
You pussy, nigga everything's coochie about you (That's riiight!)
See straight through you nigga, you's a plastic rapper (Aye!)
Nigga all on my dicc, where's the magnum wrapper? (Hahaa..)
Murdered him on "Black Tee", killed him on "Icy" (Yuh!)
Nigga my biggest fan, don't he sound just like me?
Gassed your ass up, yeah, they played you, nigga
So I'mma take you bacc apart, cause I made you nigga
HB bought your car, HB bought your chain
Left him and then that fat nigga did the same thing (Yuh!)
No loyalty,  jumped clique to clique
He's a rapping prostitute, he jumped dicc to dicc
"I'm so icy!" and you not icy at all (Aye!)
Your jewelry look like it came out the middle of the mall
This is eskimo shit, little nigga you's a snow cone(Daaamn)
You're in over your head, poccetbook boy go home
Twelve carats, two stones, a hundred thousand a set (Aye!)
My muthafuccin' ears ain't forgave me yet
That old-ass Rolex, you're six years behind me (Aye!)
I got the streets drunk, ya six beers behind me (Wooo)
When you was dreaming bout bread nigga, I had the money (Gyeah!)
Signed your whole life away for Dodge Magnum money (Aye!)
Still got 92, 93, 94 money!
You rapping ass nigga, you just getting show money (Aye!)
King of Decatur? I thought you was from Birmingham
Shouldn't've asked for it, if you know you ain't have it man
I got a family in the 'Ville, and it's Crip in the Mac-Town (West Side!)
Nigga you ain't heard? I'm the man in the A-Town
It's some Boyz N Ya Hood do anything for Jeezy
So if I want your little ass touched, you're done, believe me!
You might also like[Hook- Jeezy]
(I stay strapped, stay strapped)
Pussy nigga try to play me, I'ma bust his muthafuccin' head on GP
(I stay strapped, stray strapped)
Let a nigga run up on me - keep a carbon 1.5, and them choppas with me
(I stay strapped, stay strapped)
Pussy nigga trying to play me, I'ma bust his muthafuccin' head on GP
(I stay strapped, stay strapped)
Let a nigga run up on me keep a carbon 1.5, and them choppas with me

[Outro - Jeezy]
1 thing about it, 2 things for sure, 3 things for certain, man... (For certain, nigga!) We know you a bitch ass nigga, nigga! We know you's a ho, nigga! Y'all take that nigga bacc to Central State, nigga gone crazy. Bitch ass nigga talking all tough, hiding and shit, nigga! We know you's a fuccboi! We know you gay, nigga! Get on the ecstasy pills and jump in the shower with your homeboys -- What you think, I ain't know nigga? (DAMN!) Yeah, I know all about that, nigga! (Damn..) I know how HB had to buy ya bitch ass draws, nigga, 'cause you couldn't afford 'em, nigga! Went around talking you "Icy" and shit now that you done got with some fuccniggas And you tough now nigga - I know you a bitch, nigga! Just like I'll slap ya bitch ass like them niggas did in Jazzy T's! (Hahaaa...) You bitch ass nigga! Fuccnigga Wearing jheri curls in his sophomore year, nigga! You's a ho nigga, we know about you nigga. What, you mad cause I outshined you in your video, fuccboi? You couldn't take it no more nigga? You can't assassinate my character, nigga; I ain't acting! (Hahaa...)

Nigga, that ain't a real Jacob you wearing either, you fuccazz nigga: Jacob said he DID NOT make that watch, and you need to get that off, real talk, nigga! I'ma show you what my G like, what my Cripping like, nigga! Any nigga claiming what I claim, that nigga come to my city or town, nigga - Handle that nigga, nigga hiding from me, dogg! Nigga talking all tough, nigga runnin and hidin and shit nigga! Real talk nigga, and I want that muthafuccin' bullshit-ass ICEY chain (I want that chain!) 'cause you need to take that monkey shit off - you embarassing us, nigga! Matter of fact, real talk nigga, I got a bounty on that shit nigga: ten staccs! You know Jeezy ain't fake, nigga! I know that shit ain't worth that much nigga, but I'mma turn it bacc in nigga, 'cause the nigga is embarassing us, cuz. So if he come to ya town, you juss happen to snatch that muthafucca off his necc or knocc that muthafucca off his necc, When I come to your town - shoot it to me, I'mma shoot you the ten staccs man, so I can cremate that muthafucca! (Cremate that muthafucca!)

Know what I'm saying? That shit bullshit nigga, real talk, nigga! All that rich shit nigga, you better stop that nigga before I take my tennis shoe money and buy out ya contract, fuccboi! Know what I'm talking bout? Real talk, nigga; my tennis shoe like I said, fuccnigga! So anytime you wanna see me in the streets like a man while you doin' all this popping on these records nigga, come see me, nigga, cause you know what it is, nigga! (You know what it is!) I'll beat your muthafuccin' ass nigga, that's on everything! And if any one of you fuccniggaz even act like you wanna pull some steel nigga - let's get to it! C.T.E. nigga, fucc your record label, company and your crew, nigga! See me in the street, nigga! I'm in the club every night, nigga! Still poppin' bottles doin' my one-two thang, nigga! Huh, what's craccin', nigga?! Huh, get at me, nigga!
Y'all niggas ain't talking bout shit! Y'all keep cancelling all your shows you making it hard for us to get at you, man; we coming to export you - I mean EXTORT YOU, my bad! Bitch ass nigga, fucc I look like? I'm grown nigga!

And like I said before, fuccnigga... It's still 4th Ward bitch! Free Slicc Pulla, nigga!Embed