Turn Off the Radio Lyrics[Intro]
A message to the Oreo cookie: No matter how much you wanna switch, here's what they think about you!
[Sample]
“You gold teeth, gold chain wearing, fried chicken and biscuit eating monkey, ape, baboon, big thigh, fast running, high jumping, spear chucking, three-hundred-and-sixty-degree basketball dunking, titsun, spade, mulignan... Go the fuck back to Africa--Go the fuck back to Africa--Go the fuck back to Africa!”

[Interlude]
Think about it, fuckin' sellout!
Here we go on station 103.787 and we're listening to…
We won't be listening to, uh...
Ice Cube, AmeriKKKa’s Most Wanted
Because that’s bullshit, get that shit outta here
Straight R&B, straight R&B, straight R&B—
Where the motherfucking plug at? I'm about to disconnect his ass!
Turn off that motherfucking radio!
[Verse 1]
Turn on the radio, take a listen
What you're missing
Personally I'm sick of the ass-kissing
What I'm kicking to you won't get rotation
Nowhere in the nation
Program directors and DJ's ignored me
'Cause I simply said "Fuck Top Forty
And Top Thirty, Top Twenty and Top Ten!"
Until you put more hip-hop in
Then I might grin but don't pretend that you're down with the scene
And go and diss me in a magazine
How could you figure the brother could dig ya?
DJ face down in the river
No, it's not a threat but a promise
I'm as crazy as they come see
Mama didn't love me
All I got is my nine
And to calm the savage beast here's the Alpine

[Interlude]
Disaster...
Turn off that bullshit!
Turn off that motherfucking radio!
Turn off that bullshit!
Turn off that motherfucking radio!
Turn off that bullshit!
Play the music motherfucker put the music on
Damn!
You might also like[Verse 2]
Tune in to the radio, listen for a minute
Yo G, stick a fucking tape in it!
'Cause all the radio do is gangle
That R&B love triangle
If you're out there kicking it with the brothers
You don't care about lovers
You wanna hear a young nigga on the mic going buck wild
Throwing and flowing and showing new styles
That's where I'm coming from
Reality: that's what they're running from
So if you're down with Ice Cube, let me know that you know
Yo, turn off the radio

[Interlude]
You know what? You know what?
Basically those black guys and those rap guys
They don't know what the fuck they're doing
I hate those fuckers, I hate 'em!
Especially that one guy
The AmeriKKKa's Most Wanted; Ice Cube—I hate that fucker!
Get him off the air, get him off, get him off
Get that rap shit out of here!
Nigga, get me a gat, so I can smoke this motherfucker!

[Outro]
Hello?
Hi, this is D.E.L
Hey, I'm calling from 3838 Twin Oaks Way
Yeah, I just wanted to call to say fuck the radio!3Embed