Call Ya Bluff Lyrics[Intro]
Yeeee-ah, buddy! (Wooo!) But, it fit right now (Ah yeah, I know right?), Gawd damn!
Man, FUCK them niggas!
Whoever they said they was, it don't even matta partna! (Yeah, fuck 'em!)
This the way we do, nigga (Ah huh!) The A in the buildin'!
It's whatever, they know where to find me at (Hmmm-hmmm!)
They know what's up (Right!), it's strictly business
Beef, drawma, whateva you wanna cawl it, nigga
Fuck 'em, we ball!

[Verse 1]
Yeah, anything you wanna do
I'm ready to do it, my nigga, just say so (just say so)
Don't say it on the record with your chest
Leave the booth and then go lay low ("okay guys, I'm goin' home")
Hidin' behind your security detail
Actin' like a female
I done sold over twenty million records
I could really give a fuck about retail (history's been made)
Now back to basics (basics)
Back to Adidas with the fat laces (what up, Rev Run?)
Back to the Ac,' where I'm ridin' to the track in the Jack
Get it straight, nigga, no chasers (ah)
Age ain't nothing but a number
Luda rappin' like he just turned twenty-four (happy birthday)
Any rapper wanna forget who I am
Every now and then I seem I gotta let em know (know)
Oh, must I remind ya?
You rap like somethin' behind ya (boo)
Got paid but your heart pump Kool Aid (yeah)
Cover Girl make up shoulda signed ya (hahaha)
But it's never too late (nope)
Fifteen years, nigga, never too great (nah)
Four years off gettin' Hollywood checks
But you niggas want beef and you lookin' like steak
[Chorus]
I see that liquor got you loose (got you loose) (got you loose)
When you see me, nigga
Say it like you said it in the booth (in the booth)
I'll make you niggas lose a tooth (lose a tooth) (lose a tooth)
When you see me, nigga
Say it like you said it in the booth (in the booth)
Fuck y'all niggas, I'm the truth (I'm the truth) (I am the truth)
When you see me, nigga
Say it like you said it in the booth (in the booth)
Now I'm like, fuck callin' a truce (callin' truce) (no truce)
When you see me, nigga
Say it like you said it in the booth

[Verse 2]
Hol' up
Never fuck with a nigga who got some kids (no)
'Cause when you talk about me then you talk about them
Then I gotta come where you live (I'm on the way, nigga)
You takin' food out they mouth
Now I gotta put a fist in yours (blah)
I don't play about my hustle, a nigga got all these acres
All my neighbors think I'm flipping them birds (woo)
Nah, but I be flipping these words (yeah)
Anything you hear me saying, I could back up (back it up)
And you talk so tough on the mic
But whenever you in sight, nigga
Somethin' don't add up (don't add up)
Put your money where your mouth is (Yeah!), wait, put a gat where your blouse is
You think it's funny, cause it's sunny where your house is
Bitch, I'll put my muddy ass boots where your couch is
(Fuck yo couch!)
I live this shit, you know you do this just for show, nigga (Deja Vu!)
You act as if Ludacris just came and took your ho, nigga (Really!?)
You's a ho nigga (Whispers "Ho nigga"), yeah I said it twice
Let this be warning number two, motherfucker go and roll the dice
You might also like[Chorus]
I see that liquor got you loose (got you loose) (got you loose)
When you see me, nigga
Say it like you said it in the booth (in the booth)
I'll make you niggas lose a tooth (lose a tooth) (lose a tooth)
When you see me, nigga
Say it like you said it in the booth (in the booth)
Fuck y'all niggas, I'm the truth (I'm the truth) (I am the truth)
When you see me, nigga
Say it like you said it in the booth (in the booth)
Now I'm like, fuck callin' a truce (callin' truce) (no truce)
When you see me, nigga
Say it like you said it in the booth


[Outro]
I already know fake, nigga (Yeuh!), all gas, no brakes, nigga (Hahahaha!)
All that Simon Says shit, y'all got goin' on
That, "Any-pat, pitta-pat" elementary, school ass shit (AH!)
The hell is you talkin' bout, nigga?23Embed