Make That Ass Shake Lyrics[Verse 1: Kurupt]
I got a fucked up habit for dumping and blasting
Just picking on my niggers rolling around in the classroom
Just making shit happen, tired of tripping
It's time to start living
Start enjoying the rhythm
Forget, what I gave them , the joy in the rhythm
I gave them what I give them, the joy in the rhythm
I'm forced to come doing five fours
You're trying to take anything my life's value t'wards
Trying to beat Caesar in Rome? I roam
It's my dominion, nigga, what I call home!
[Chorus: Kurupt]
You can live how you want to live, I don't give a fuck
Nigga, bang how you want to bang, on who and when, what nigga
And all you broads, I wanna see you shake something
I want do something, rub you leg, your back, your stomach
She looked me in my face, then she told me to my face
There ain't nothing that she can't do to make her ass shake
More than a handful'll make that ass shake
Pussy popping back and forth, look at that ass shake

[Verse 2: Kurupt]
Fine, seductive, bad than a motherfucka
Just the kind of girl I like to cuddle in this motherfucka
She said anything got pleasured in this motherfucka
I have to admit she said treasured in this motherfucka
I know all she wants to do is get paid
That pussy popped all up and down on me
Make it pop, make it pop, make it pop!
Take it off, take it off, take it off!
Shake it up, shake it up, shake it up!
Shake 'em off, shake 'em off, shake 'em off!
I put on [?] and she let me grab her titties
Bitch, don't you know I run this city?
You better ask these niggers all about me
And anything you think about me
And all you niggers, is this what you call war?
Is this the future I'm looking t'wards?
You might also like[Chorus: Kurupt]

[Verse 3: Kurupt]
All I know is life's a bitch
Let me hit you with some G shit
Look, busters won't leave me alone
I'm being attacked by imitations, man, like ? and clones
I ain't out to get you
Want to party? I'ma party with you
Which one of these flips you want to party with you?
But if you want to play, we could play it homie
Kick back and let the toy speak and say it for me
I've been a fool before,I know the feeling
Getting in the game, nigga? I know the feeling
But them k's and the bananas that's pilling
Make us go bananas, blood pressure to the ceiling
I've got a funny feeling
Money to the ceiling
Make a nigga like feeling impenetrable
I feel a strange awe, if I hit the store
I might have to chip, one, two, three or four
Niggers, in the front door, nigga on the floor
Niggers [?] and hit the register drawer

[Chorus: Kurupt]Embed