Ruthless Villain Lyrics[Intro]
MC Ren: Yo Dre, how much time we got left on ths tape?
Dr. Dre: About a couple of minutes
MC Ren: Well let me bust a freestyle then
Dr. Dre: Awright, go ahead

[MC Ren]
Ruthless gangsta, definition villain
Leave your shit unlocked and he's stealin'
So call tha police cause that's all you could do but
He'll get away without leavin' a clue
Dr. Dre: Wait a minute, wait a minute, cut this shit
Eh yo Yella boy why don't you rewind it
Hey, man you gotta get more hyped up than that
MC Ren: Damn, why don't you pump this shit up so it could fuck up my eardrums a little bit!
Dr. Dre: Allright bet

[Verse 1: MC Ren]
Ruthless gangsta, definition villain
Leave your shit unlocked and it's stealin'
So call tha police 'cause that's all you could do but
He'll get away without leavin' a clue
Keepin' shit in control like the neighborhood chief but
Referred to as a walking thief
They say he's a bad influence for the kids on the block
Why the fuck they blamin' him? He's the one that they jock
Keepin' niggas in line, whoever fucks with his rhyme
And before you fuck with him you gotta fuck with his nine
Not scared to pull the trigger on a punk ass nigga
He could whoop his ass 'cause he's bigger
Size don't mean shit he's from the old school fool
He's a villain from the streets and he's supposed to rule
Not sayin' he's in shit but he's down for mine
He was put on the streets to keep niggas in line
Never givin' a fuck, [?] jealous of E
Because I know that he's a nigga that you want to be
He can't help it he's in shit but he don't hold shit back
He's a gangsta in black and he's about to attack
You might also like[Hook: Eazy-E]
'Cause I'm a ruthless villain, cold tearin' shit up
Don't come on my face, pumpin' no kind of junk
Eazy-E's in control and if you press your luck
I'll smoke you like that and won't give a fuck

[Sample]
"Nickname Eazy-E...Ol' 8-Ball junkie!"

[Verse 2: MC Ren]
Ruthless gangsta, definition villain
You can lock up yo' shit, he's still stealin'
Gettin' respect 'cause the boy kicks butt
But the real meaning is he don't give a fuck
It's Eazy-E in the crowd but he's not in the 4
I tell his money flow as he collects from his ho'
All expenses paid for the rhymes that he made
Gold trophies in the house for the girls that he laid
Not a wimp he's a pimp, now of course he's the boss
So keep your bitch out his face or else she's gonna get tossed
Too hard to be fucked with, the boy got heart
Wanna fuck with him, he'll rip your head apart
Gangsta Gangsta, that's what they yellin'
But him with his gangsta stroll he keeps bailin'
Wherever he goes there's no discussion but silence
They say that he's the one promotin' gang violence
That's a lie just a critic all that whack bullshit
So let me tell you motherfuckers who you fuckin' with
[Hook: Eazy-E]
'Cause I'm a ruthless villain, cold tearin' shit up
Don't come on my face, pumpin' no kind of junk
Eazy-E's in control and if you press your luck
I'll smoke you like that and won't give a fuck

Eazy-E: Yo Ren?
MC Ren: What's up?
Eazy-E: Let's get the fuck outta here!2Embed