It’s So Hard Lyrics[Verse 1: Big Punisher]
You can catch me in the cherry red one-fifty
Got the Glizzy locked in the stizzy
Pop the clizzy, going sixty down a one-wizzy
Drunk pissy, tryin' to cruise through the avenue
While my peoples is poppin' bottles up in Sue's Rendevous
Fuck that! Spun the U-ey, lost a hubcap
It's back to the shack, came back in a "What's that?"
Straight from Paris, checkin' Gaby's new baby carriage
Perry Ellis, auburn cherry reddish
Fresh out the dealer, got the TEC for the squealers
Wear a vest for the killers, nothin' less, ‘cause it's realer
In the Big Apple, where it's quick to get your shit tackled
Enemies spit at you, best friends kidnap you
Trust no one; got beef, bust yo' gun
You don't need no one talking 'bout that you owe him
I'ma go for dolo; Scarface without Manolo
One deep, I be solo, bustin' heat, throwin' bolos, it's hard
[Hook: Donnell Jones]
And it's so hard, yeah
Niggas wanna be like Pun
But they don't bust they guns
And it's so hard
Niggas wanna fuck my wife
Nggas wanna take my life
But it's so hard

[Hook adlibs: Big Punisher]
It's hard work, baby
I just lost a hundred pounds, I'm tryin' to live
I ain't goin' nowhere
I'm stayin' alive, baby
That's my wife, I paid for them titties!
Get your own! Your own, ya heard?

[Verse 2: Big Punisher]
Rollin' with the Squad, we like Gods
Catch us at the bar-de-bar-de-bars, strip bars in Miami
Almost came home with the Grammy
Next year, bringing home three for the family
Watch me, you can catch it live on the Hitachi
Poppin' shit like a Nazi, iced out like DeBiase
Fuck that! Liberace, fo'-X Versace, somebody stop me!
Never that! SKEE-YU! Where my niggas at?
Uptown, uptown, you know you feelin' that
Cash rule, hardcore you can dance to
That old Biggie give me, One More Chance
Take a glance and I'm off with yours
With both hands take off my drawers
And jerk me like the Source Awards
I love hip-hop, I ain't even probably the best lyricist alive
Terror Squad, nigga, stop sleepin'!
You might also like[Hook: Donnell Jones]
And it's so hard, yeah
Niggas wanna be like Pun
But they don't bust they guns
And it's so hard
Niggas wanna fuck my wife
Nggas wanna take my life
But it's so hard

[Hook Adlibs: Big Punisher]
What you say your name was again?
And I know you from where? Elementary school?
I don't know you, man!
Money, not you again, go that way!

[Coda: Donell Jones]
Yeah, you ain't fucking my wife, takin' my life
And if you just hatin', just walk on by
All you haters just walk on by
See, me and Big Pun be rollin'
Schemin' on you and your homie
Better just walk on by
While we role back and talk for a while
And to the Boricuas, stay up, stay up, stay up!
And to all my homies, you gotta know what's up!5Embed