Girlfriend Lyrics[Intro: Busta Rhymes]
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Ayo, this shit sound like
This shit sound like the welcome music when you just landed in Kingston, Jamaica on a private nigga!
Yeah, yeah, yeah

[Chorus: Busta Rhymes]
Now let it go girlfriend
Bend and touch your toes girlfriend
Now all my chicks everywhere, hands in the air (show 'em!) and let em' know girlfriend
[Verse 1: Busta Rhymes]
Yeah
Mami on the dance floor, she shake for me
Okra, steam fish prepare for me
Introduce her to my mother down a country (Fuck no!)
Make sure you never test me
Two branch chop off, roll up the sensi
Front up, burn one until it empty
Selector dem a play tune and me a MC
Oh no! Oh no! A oh no! Mi say, oh no!
All of the gyal dem me a dance, a it fi go so
Yeah yeah
Mami inna me section she a undress for me
In case you don't know, everything bless for me, Yeah!
Boof Baaf! Beat a little boy, carefully. Koof Kaaf!
The ghetto a cheer for me
Shoot that!
Gyal, pull down your brazier for me
A you that?

[Chorus: Busta Rhymes]
Now let it go girlfriend
Bend and touch your toes girlfriend
Now all my chicks everywhere, hands in the air (show 'em!) and let em' know girlfriend

[Verse 2: Vybz Kartel]
Nicki Minaj booty, squeeze it
Bet you say you love stew peas
Riri, she have a fat coochie
Beyonce, big up Jay-Z
Ten gyal inna mi Benz, it's a Sex-UV
Fuck pon the seat, make the bedroom sleep
Plug in mi matic fi go pon the street
Look out the window, fucking police
Dawg, oh no, who called the po-po? That's a no no
Me soon know who dweet
Loud with the weed, me no care who see it
Busta, which gyal that? Who she?
Babes, you a forward?
You might also like[Chorus: Busta Rhymes (Vybz Kartel)]
Now let it go girlfriend (Just come nuh)
Bend and touch your toes girlfriend (Gyal, whine!)
Now all my chicks everywhere, hands in the air ( show 'em!) and let em' know girlfriend

[Verse 3: Tory Lanez]
Skin out, undress for me
Rude boy the gyal dem believe
Hot fuck, she give one for me
Boyfriend a pree, she text and delete
Two gyal, one flex for me
Go pack clothes, me no catch disease
She want a man who a make money
Not a little dawg who a beg money
Suck pussy boy can't step to me
Money like it's make believe
Oh no
I know you've been on me
I got two tings on me right now
I know you've been low
It's time to let it go right now

[Chorus: Busta Rhymes]
Now let it go girlfriend
Bend and touch your toes girlfriend
Now all my chicks everywhere, hands in the air (show 'em!) and let em' know girlfriend
[Verse 4: Busta Rhymes]
Now, wave your hand inna the air likkle higher
And show me what it do, girlfriend
Hey baby girl, I come and turn up the fire
Come get a better view, girlfriend
Hey baby girl, come and give it to me
Whatever you wanna do, girlfriend
The way you're dancing to my brand new song
Me love the way you move, girlfriend
Yeah, yeah
Sing like Tenor Saw, Frankie Paul, and Sluggy (Boom! Gunshot!)
Diamonds just a fall off of me
Disrespect and make all of dem bwoy turn duppy
You know that?!

[Chorus: Busta Rhymes]
Now let it go girlfriend
Bend and touch your toes girlfriend
Now all my chicks everywhere, hands in the air (show 'em!) and let em' know girlfriend

[Outro: Busta Rhymes]
Yeah (yeah, yeah)
Yeah (yeah, yeah)
Yeah (yeah, yeah)
You can't tell me this shit don't feel like vacation
This shit feel like vacation nigga!1Embed