Crime Story Lyrics[Intro]
Mmm
Man
Uh
Shit stay happening
You know? (Uh)
It's crazy, dog
It's off the hook
But you know
Real niggas get by
Know we eat regardless
'Cause I'm heartless
[Verse 1]
Who is this I see coming through? It's like 3 on the A.M
I'ma rob this nigga, and when I'm done, I'ma slay him
For being stupid, like coming through after 1 or 2
And having a gun that he couldn't get to, yeah, that one'll do
Foolish niggas learn the hard way, and I teach 'em
Be in the wrong place at the wrong time, and I'll beat you
Like Jigga said, niggas test you when your gun goes warm
So I keep 'em scattering like roaches when the light comes on
From night 'til dawn, right from wrong holds no weight
.357 slugs with a snub-nosed trey-eight
Settin' all them issues straight (Why?)
Squashing all beefs
To the point where the police was blocking off streets
They got me trapped off in the building, but you know how that go (Uh-huh)
I stay fucking with a hood rat, so I run up in a rat hole
Go through the hallway, see police, we're face to face
And being I'm telling you this story, means I caught another case

[Interlude]
Yeah
It's either you or me
And more than likely, it's gonna be you, than me, aight?
Feel me, yo

[Verse 2]
Day two of the saga, this fucking drama continues
I'm waking up like every two hours, looking out my windows
Plus, I keep the four-four pointed at the door, just in case
And when they bust in, I'll bust them and I'm gunning for the face
"What a waste of potential", is what my teachers used to tell me
"You can always get a job", and deep shit they tried to sell me
Got me nowhere but broke and fucked up in the game
But now I got a name (Uh-huh), and niggas know my name (Okay)
Knock at the door, "Police! We're looking for a man"
"Who killed a couple of cops last night and the reward is ten grand"
I played like a bitch, "It's just me here, and I'm not dressed"
"And that guy sounds kind of dangerous, I hope you make an arrest"
That was a close one, now I know I gotta get out of the city 'cause I'm hotter than lava
I'll holler tomorrow
Hit my dog on the horn, he like, "Fuck, you done did?"
"They done ran up in my crib, nigga, patting down my kid!"
You might also like[Interlude]
(*Dial tone*)
Uh

[Verse 3]
Put the harness on the dog, load up the weapons
Murder's on my mind (Uh), no half stepping
Motherfuckers want war, you can get it, 'cause I'm tired of running
Remember me as the nigga that died gunning
Kamikaze mission, C-4 strapped to the chest
Run up in that joint, raw dog, fuck the vest
They can keep theirs, because it won't be the slugs that'll kill 'em
It'll be the roar of the C-4 as I'm bringing down the building
'Cause when I go, I'm taking a bunch of them motherfuckers with me (Uh-huh)
I ain't sitting around waiting for them faggot niggas to come and get me
I'll bring it to 'em, service with a smile, what, nigga?
Didn't know a dog with rabies was in the cut, nigga?
And now that you're finally finding out what this shit means
I'm at the precinct, on 116th
Run up in there, open up my jacket, "You motherfuckers looking for me?"
"Well, here I am, now you coming with me"

[Outro]
Man
This shit is crazy, baby
Can you dig it?
Can you dig it?
Can you feel it?
Is you with it?
It's off the hook, dog
I'm out
Uh52Embed