Suck My Dick Lyrics[Intro: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Love me when I'm broke or when I'm filthy fuckin' rich

[Verse 1]
To all my motherfuckin' gettin' money hoes
Boosters, sellin' clothes
And all my ghetto bitches in the projects
Comin' through like bulldozers
No, we ain't sober
Bum bitches know better than to start shit
Niggas love a hard bitch
One that get up in a nigga's ass quicker than an enema
Make a cat bleed then sprinkle it with vinegar
Kidnap the senator
Make him call his wife and say he never comin' home
Kim got 'em in the zone, beatin' they dicks
Even got some of these straight chicks rubbin' their tits
What? I'm lovin' this shit, Queen Bitch!
What bitch you know can thug it like this?
Imagine if I was dude and hittin' cats from the back
With no strings attached, yeah nigga, picture that
I treat y'all niggas like y'all treat us, no doubt
Ay yo, yo, yo, come here so I can bust in ya mouth
[Chorus: Lil' Kim & Bristal]
Ay yo, come here, bitch
Nigga, fuck you!
No, fuck you, bitch
Who you talkin' to?
Why you actin' like a bitch?
'Cause y'all niggas ain't shit
And if I was dude I'd tell y'all to suck my dick

[Verse 2]
No, no, no, no
All I wanna do is get my pussy sucked (Nigga!)
Count a million bucks in the back of an armor truck
While I get you fucked up off the T.O.N.Y
The BX, the chron-chron and the list goes on and on
(On and on and on) like Erykah Badu
Once he drink the Remy down, ooh, I got this nigga now
He asked me did I love him I said what came to mind
Like niggas be doin': "Yeah baby, I love you long time"
Look I ain't tryin' to suck ya, I might not even fuck ya
Just lay me on this bed and give me some head
Got the camcord layin' in the drawer where he can't see
Can't wait to show my girls he sucked the piss out my pussy
Been doin' this for years, no need to practice
Take lessons from the Queen and you'll know how to mack this
Niggas know he gave me all his cake
I peeled the Benji's off and threw the singles back in his face
You might also like[Chorus: Lil' Kim & Bristal]
Ay yo, come here, bitch
Nigga, fuck you!
No, fuck you, bitch
Who you talkin' to?
Why you actin' like a bitch?
'Cause y'all niggas ain't shit
And if I was dude I'd tell y'all to suck my dick

[Verse 3]
I'ma keep it real, for the dough I might kill
I'm tryna see my face on a hunnid dolla bill
Met this dude name Jaleel at this Abdulla fight
He said he'd pay me ten grand just to belly dance
Cum all on his pants
I met him at the studio
He showed up with his homeboy named Julio
I said "Whoa! Who's the other guy?
Hope you know you payin' extra for this fuckin' third eye"
Something about him, I knew he was a phony
Put the burner in his mouth: "Fool, Give me my money!"
He was just a nigga frontin' like he knew mad stars
In his homeboy's whips like he got mad cars
Niggas ain't shit but they still can trick
All they can do for me is suck my clit
I'm jumpin' up and up after I cum
Thinkin' they gon' get some pussy but they gets none
[Chorus: Lil' Kim & Bristal]
Ay yo, come here, bitch
Nigga, fuck you!
No, fuck you, bitch
Who you talkin' to?
Why you actin' like a bitch?
'Cause y'all niggas ain't shit
And if I was dude I'd tell y'all to suck my dick4Embed