Breathe, Stretch, Shake Lyrics
Uh, this is what I sound like after 5 years (You back, kid)
Now why do I feel I still got the flow? (You back, kid, Bad Boy for real, let's go, let's go!)

Before '99 I was born again (Uh)
Five years later and I'm on again (Uh-huh)
Man I think I'm born to win (Let's work)
Me broke? That's a oxymoron (Yeah)
Forget a bus, I bought a drop to tour on (Haha)
G-4 is what I soar on, uh (Uh)
You thinkin I ain't hot, you so wrong (So wrong)
Sorry for the prolong, but now life goes on (Let's go, ow!)
Long list of hits and it goes on (Uh)
I wake up, and I don't even feel like a star
And man I'm gettin' a million a bar (That's right)
Indeed I need not take no lie (Uh-huh)
Man, ya'll gone make me cry
It's kinda eerie when you hear me, your hair stand up (Yeah, uh-huh)
Been a change of plan, rip your old plan up (That's right)
Instead of hatin', help me lift the big man up (As we proceed!)
Awake these people up (C'mon!)
And show them they keep dreamin' (Yeah)
Breathe, stretch, shake, let it go
Breathe, stretch, shake, let it go
Awake these people up (Betha, I like this one!)
And show them they keep dreamin' (M. Della, for real, Bad Boy!)
Breathe, stretch, shake, let it go
Breathe, stretch, shake, let it go

Some days I make thousands, some days I make millions (Let's go, yeah)
Spend my day chillin', coupes with suede ceilin's (What's that?)
Everybody out there wanna know what Ma$e got (What?)
Way hot, gray drop Maybach, gray yacht (Woo!)
And that's just the way it be (Yeah)
Favor, people wanna pay for me (Hahahaha)
When I'm in Mr. Chows, they waive the fee (Yeah)
And I don't chase money, man, money chase me (That's raw)
I give my wife things that she dream and more (C'mon)
I give a little bit, and she fiend for more (Lets go)
I'm back like Moses to bring the law (C'mon)
Brand new Saint Ma$e in mean velour (What?)
I had bling before you ever seen the tour (Haha)
Fans from Iran to Singapore (Yeah, c'mon)
And grown men beg me to bring them on tour (Take that, take that)
Even if it mean they gotta sleep on the floor (Take another one, let's go!)
You might also like
Awake these people up (As we proceed!)
And show them they keep dreamin' (Let's go!)
Breathe, stretch, shake, let it go
Breathe, stretch, shake, let it go
Awake these people up (This for real, Bad Boy collaboration)
And show them they keep dreamin' (Ow!)
Breathe, stretch, shake, let it go
Breathe, stretch, shake, let it go (Work!)

I used to be the guy, stood next to Diddy (Yeah)
Crucified for bringin' sex in the city (C'mon)
Even though the girls think I'm extra pretty (Hah!)
How I know? I ain't got no extra with me, oh (C'mon)
With a fist tight flow, with a wrist like whoa (Yeah)
What if this might blow, ain't no "if I", no (Uh-huh, ha!)
I'm the man that planned a way (C'mon)
This ain't my life, I don't plan to stay (Say what?)
Put up a good fight, like its Mandalay (Say what?)
Hate the game, but it made a man of me (C'mon)
Gone for a while, its like I ran away
God time now, and I don't plan to play (Uh-huh)
I'm only here for the one thing you lack (Don't play, yeah)
To make DJ scratch, "Is he—is he back?" (Uh-huh)
Kids in the hood stutter, "It's—it's a fact" (Yeah)
It's the kid resurrected, it's—it's a wrap (Haha, as we proceed!)
Awake these people up (To give you what you need!)
And show them they keep dreamin' (He's back!)
Breathe, stretch, shake, let it go
Breathe, stretch, shake, let it go
Awake these people up (I wanna see y'all out there!)
And show them they keep dreamin' (Let's work, people, let's work now!)
Breathe, stretch, shake, let it go
Breathe, stretch, shake, let it go (Go!)
Awake these people up (Let's work, wake up!)
And show them they keep dreamin' (Turn the lights on somebody!)
Breathe, stretch, shake, let it go (Let's work!)
Breathe, stretch, shake, let it go (Let's work!)
Awake these people up (Haha)
And show them they keep dreamin' (I like this right here, I like this right here)
Breathe, stretch, shake, let it go
Breathe, stretch, shake, let it go (For real, Bad Boy, let's work!)2Embed