Why (Remix) Lyrics[Intro: Anthony Hamilton & Jadakiss]
All that I'm given
It's this pain that I'm living (The remix, the remix)
They got me in the system
Why they gotta do me like that?

[Verse 1: Styles P]
Why is garbage music sellin' a lot?
Why is the music industry state of mind real far from Hip Hop?
Why vote republican if you black?
Why build more jails, less schools cause we under attack?
Why keep the four pound in the air?
The revolution will not be televised if around here
Why keep my right fist in the sky?
I let them know that "We Gonna Make It", don't plan our demise
Why you gotta teach your kids on your own?
Cause when you get in the zone, they bringing you in, you both getting cloned
Why we still gotta pray to Allah?
It's Hip Hop, this the New World Order and they playin' us hard
Why rappers getting protection?
Why the country ain't flipped when they jerked the votes the last election?
Why die for all my beliefs?
I gotta look at my kids I rather smile then cry when he's sleep
That's why
[Chorus: Anthony Hamilton]
Why? Why they got me strugglin', why?
All the brothers locked behind bars, why they pinning me?
Chained up in the system going crazy
I better leave my pistol on, why?

[Verse 2: Common]
Why do they say I changed for a girl?
Why you worried bout my clothes if my flow gonna change the world?
Why you wait 'till you 30 then try to be hard?
Why I gotta have religion if I believe in God?
Why is Bush acting like he trying to get Osama?
Why don't we impeach him and elect Obama?
Why ain't Rick James remembered for classic hits?
Why do we remember it for smackin a *bitch*?
Why did Ricky Williams retire, they mad in Miami
Why did Justin sell Janet out and go to the Grammy's?
Why you kill on every song, why you frown at the screen?
So many thrones, why we argue who is the King?
Why it's over for gangsta, why it's over for bling?
Why they hype Britney up, they know she can't sing?
Why a whip and a chain the black american dream?
Why I know it in my heart it remains unseen?
Why?

[Chorus: Anthony Hamilton]
Why? Why they got me strugglin', why?
All the brothers locked behind bars, why they pinning me?
Chained up in the system going crazy
I better leave my pistol on, why?
You might also like[Interlude: Nas]
Ey ‘Kiss, they wanna hide from the truth
Your comrade Nas right here with you. Let’s go

[Verse 3: Nas]
Registered voter not blood of a panther, why is the question
What is the answer, got a suggestion, here's an example
Won't we build our own airline, states, and highways?
Fly to Africa, do some trades with Zimbabwe
Why did Malcolm's mission die with the man?
Why we ain't pick it up where he left it and carry out his plan?
Why the merger try to exclude L.A. Reid?
He brought you Usher, OutKast top-selling CD's
Why do half America got AIDS?
Why do schools care about your son's braids more than they care for his grades?
Why they hate our white t-shirts and hats turned backwards?
And why is Jesus Christ never played by black actors?
And why there ain't a MC that can touch me nor budge me?
And why is Nas the best thing in rap since Chuck D?
And why this record ain't sell 5 mill yet?
Jada's as real as it get put my money where my mouth is
Let's do something bout this

[Chorus: Anthony Hamilton]
Why? Job's are getting so hard, why?
All the brothers locked behind bars, why they pinning me?
Chained up in the system going crazy
I better leave my pistol on, why?
[Verse 4: Jadakiss]
Uh, yeah, yo, by thugs I'm surrounded
Tell me why is it the money motivates me but the love keeps me grounded? (I don't know)
Why my cases ain't get thrown out?
Why team USA keep gettin' blown out?
Why the Democratic party ain't gettin' with me?
Why they still hangin' black bodies in Mississippi?
Yea, why did governor McGreevey get caught with a lizard?
Why they take away Shyne's phone calls and visits?
Why I been hot for 7 years?
Why the new M5 come with 7 gears?
Please tell me why y'all keep makin' that trash?
Why they reinstating the draft, why is it so much hatin' you have?
And why sell records and keep workin'?
Why we go on stage with the bread with the feet workin'?
It's real, why when a love one die you miss them?
Why it took for me to make "Why" for y'all to listen?

[Chorus: Anthony Hamilton]
Why? Why they got me strugglin', why?
Got a brothers bustin', why they pinning me?
Chained up in the system going crazy
I better leave my pistol on, why?
Job's are getting so hard, why?
All the brothers locked behind bars, why they pinning me?
Chained up in the system going crazy
I better leave my pistol on, why?
Why they got me strugglin', why?
Got a brothers bustin', why they pinning me?
Chained up in the system going crazy
I better leave my pistol on, why?
Job's are getting so hard, why?
All the brothers locked behind bars, why they pinning me?
Chained up in the system going crazy
I better leave my pistol on, why?

[Outro: Anthony Hamilton]
Why? Oh, why? (Crazy)
Why? Got me locked up in the pin
Why? (Ride with me)
Oh Why? (Going crazy)
Ohh!1Embed