Status Symbol Lyrics[Verse 1: Nipsey Hussle]
Yuh
Me? I'm gettin' back rubs from these leather seats (Yuh)
Negotiatin' equity positions you'll never be (Nigga)
Rap sheet full of felonies (Yeah)
Status symbol on my set of keys, they say I was sellin' dreams
Back to the brick wall, I'm inhalin' trees
Visualizin' hella cheese, you can smell the weed
Niggas doubt, pessimism ain't affectin' me
Fuel to the fire, took it higher than they ever see
Frequent flight seat like seven seas
Shoppin' spree spent about eleven Gs
Eyes bloodshot, I don't ever sleep
My niggas act on instinct, we don't ever think
When confronted with a problem, we don't ever flee
We connected at the bottom like the letter V
So accustomed to the pop, we don't even blink
When them shots go off, get the Glock, show off
Yellow tape a nigga, he grew up to hate a nigga
Nothin' major, nigga, just a demonstration, nigga
Within the matrix, nigga, I drew illustrations with him
Words, that is, for sure, that is
Look, that nigga got his off the curb, that is
So how the fuck is niggas so concerned with his?
I be baffled by the fact when niggas burn their bridge
And try to double back like, "What the fuck is that?"
Like, Niggas want this rap life way too bad
[Chorus: Buddy]
We ain't gotta worry no more, we'll be just fine
And we ain't finna wait no more, so don't waste my time
Remember when we had no way, no way
But we'll be okay for now
We'll be okay for now
And here on out

[Verse 2: Nipsey Hussle]
Now you up, huh? Make it hard to trust, huh?
Got you fucked up sayin' it was luck, huh?
Pulling up, huh? Limo tinted trucks, huh?
Open trust, huh? Then you fill 'em up, huh?
Every time a nigga drop, it's real as fuck, huh?
Every time you hit the road, you fill 'em up, huh?
Whole city know that you became the one, huh?
They seen it from the jump, huh?
The pressure weigh a ton, huh?
Especially where you come from
Every night br-br-br-brap bump bump
Heavy price but it's just the cloth you cut from
It's alright, it's just life if you want one
Learn to hold yourself down with a big gun
All these niggas playin' tough, you gon' chip one
For these dollars, a decade, you a risk one
Fuck it though, 'cause when you flat broke, you ain't nothin', bro
Seen a gang of rich niggas get comfortable
Then lookin' at their watch like, "Where the fuck it go?"
Through my eyes I learned lessons like
Time is of the essence and my grind got obsessive
Then my mind got restless
Put myself in the game but batteries sold separate
Question, since when do real niggas come second?
So I kicked the door down, gettin' more now
Nigga need at least like thirty for the show now
Woah now, realest out of So Cal
Baby wanna fuck I'm like, "Mmm, slow down"
I'm eatin' cheese eggs in my hotel
Hussle sold out, nigga, retail and wholesale
Me ballin' hurt your feelings? Oh well
All money in, I pull coattails, nigga
You might also like[Chorus: Buddy]
We ain't gotta worry no more, we'll be just fine
And we ain't finna wait no more, so don't waste my time
Remember when we had no way, no way
But we'll be okay for now
We'll be okay for now
And here on out

[Interlude: LilCadiPGE & Nipsey Hussle]
Hey Nip
What up?
Let me get a flick wit'chu
Come on, lil' bro
Got your camera?
Yup, here it go right here
Aight bet, here you go, homie
Hey, Nip, let me spit somethin' for you real quick
Oh, you rap, nigga?
Yeah, you know how I get down
Let me hear somethin', bro, go 'head

[Verse 3: LilCadiPGE]
Look, I was stuck in these streets tryna make it out
I seen most my homies change, man, they fakin' out
And my brother really gone, straight taken out
So a death spares a life and it really play about
Cadi finna make it, oh yeah, niggas, that's without a doubt
Hoe don't interfere 'cause all they wanna do is run they mouth
I been out chear really tryna chase the paper route
Fuck wit' me, I'll knock you out
Talkin' Manny Pacquiao
I really do this music so that I could see my mama smile
I'm tryna go major but I know that it's gon' take a while
I don't even know if I'ma live to even see a child
'Cause niggas in the streets with a gun and they be goin' wild
Cadi super hot, all you other niggas stuck on mild
In this Audi smashin', man, this jug got four-thousand miles
I ain't never stoppin' 'til my money stacked up in a pile
On TV, haters watchin' me, I hope that y'all could see me now
Everyday I wake up, I just thank God for another day
Damn, I really can't believe they killed my fuckin' nigga Tay
I remember goin' to school, chillin' up, smokin' eights
And now my nigga gone and his body gon' be on display
These gangbanger's serious, shit got me curious
Losin' homies to bullshit, this shit got me furious
My brother gone too, he ain't never comin' back
How you think that make me feel, nigga? All I do is rap
Anytime I spend money, all I do is make it back
Anytime I'm in these streets, all I do is watch my back
'Cause niggas'll wet you up, chicks'll set you up
You think your days ones with you but niggas be switchin' up
I seen it all
I seen homies go before my eyes
Some homies'll make it, some don't come out alive
My mom prayin' and she hopin' that her youngest survive
'Cause she know that I'm gettin' high
Bills steady, rollin' pie
Wasn't no father in my life, big brother in the sky
Every night I'm in my room and I sit and ask, "Why?"
Bitches choosin' on a nigga so you know I still reply
And they speakin' on my name so I know I'm that guy
[Outro: Nipsey Hussle & LilCadiPGE]
Yeah, that's right, my nigga
How old are you, bro?
Man, I'm sixteen, man
Sixteen? That's right
What they call you, nigga?
LilCadiPGE
Fuck wit' me7Embed