No Matter What Lyrics
Never have you seen in your lifetime
A more divine southern rapper with a swag like mine
Facin' all kinda time, but smile like I'm fine
Brag with such passion and shine without tryin'
Believe me, pain's a small thang to a giant
I was born without a dime, out the gutter, I climbed
Spoke my mind and didn't stutter one time
Ali say, "Even the greatest gotta suffer sometime"
So I huff and puff, rhymes, lyrics so sick wit it
Set the standard in Atlanta, how to get-get-get it
So you up-and-coming rappers wanna diss, just kill it
I'm officially the realest, point blank, period
Whether I still live in the hood or just visit
Whatever you can do in the hood, I done did it
That's why the dope boys and the misfits feel it
This still his city long as TIP livin', nigga
I ain't dead (nah!), I ain't done (nah!)
I ain't scared (of what?), I ain't run (from who?)
But still I stand (yeah) No matter what, people
Here I am, yeah, no matter what, remember
I ain't break (never), I ain't fold (never)
They hate me more (so?) Yeah I know (haha!)
Here I go, yeah, no matter what shawty, here I go
No matter what, shawty

You let the blog sites and the magazines tell it
I'm sure to be in jail until 2027
Rather see me in the cell instead of this new McLaren
God will take you through Hell just to get you to Heaven
So even though it's heavy, the load I will carry
Grin and still bear it, win and still share it
Apologies to the fans, I hope you can understand it
Life can change your directions, even when you ain't planned it
All you can do is handle, worst thing you can do is panic
Use it to your advantage, avoid insanity, manage to conquer
Every obstacle, make impossible possible
Even when winning illogical, losing's still far from optional, and
Yeah, they wanna see you shot up in the hospital
But when life throw punches, block and counter like a boxer do
Been locked inside mi casa too long, I did a song
To make it known that the King lives on, pimpin'
You might also like
I ain't dead (nah!), I ain't done (nah!)
I ain't scared (of what?), I ain't run (from who?)
But still I stand (yeah) No matter what, people
Here I am, yeah, no matter what, remember
I ain't break (never), I ain't fold (never)
They hate me more (so?) Yeah I know (haha!)
Here I go, yeah, no matter what shawty, here I go
No matter what, shawty

Even in solitude, there's still no hotter dude
I show you how to do what you do, you ain't gotta clue
All you do is follow dude, sound like a lotta dudes
I'll weather whatever storm, make it out without a bruise
I understand why, now, with my hands tied
They take shots, cause if I'm out there it's a landslide
But revenge is best served as a cold dish
And suckas will get served, nigga, no shit
Guess it was understood, for me, it was over-with
But I don't quit, if you ain't noticed yet
They couldn't wait to say, "Goodnight, shawty"
So they could try to rhyme, act and look like shawty
Go get a beat from Toomp and make a hook like shawty
Before ya know it I'm back, what it look like, shawty?
I lost my partner and my daughter in the same year
Somehow I rise above my problems and remain here
Yeah, and I hope the picture painted clear
If your heart filled with faith, then you can't fear
Wonder how I face years and I'm still chillin'?
Easy, let go and let God deal with it
I ain't dead (nah!), I ain't done (nah!)
I ain't scared (of what?), I ain't run (from who?)
But still I stand (yeah) No matter what, people
Here I am, yeah, no matter what, remember
I ain't break (never), I ain't fold (never)
They hate me more (so?) Yeah I know (haha!)
Here I go, yeah, no matter what shawty, here I go
No matter what, shawty12Embed