Yay Area Lyrics[Intro: Digable Planets sample]
Poobah of the styles like Miles and shit
Like sixties funky worms with waves and perms
Just sendin' chunky rhythms right down your block
We be to rap, what key be to lock - but
We be to rap, what key be to lock
We be - we be to rap, what key be to lock - but
We be to rap, what key be to lock
We be - we be to rap, what key be to lock - but

{*pattern repeats in background as the beat comes in*}
[Intro: E-40]
Ooooooh; I got my second wind pimp! E-40
Rick Rock! I got my second wind, Sick Wid' It, BME
Talk to a peeeimp (Warner Brothers) fuck with a peeeimp
Oooooh; talk to a peeeimp, fuck with a peeeimp

[E-40]
Heavyweight, a vet not a amateur - what else?
Looted up, I push pies like Marie Callender - what'chu gon' do?
Suit it up, if I must take over shop
Get out the car and walk, sneak up on pahtnah and do a dome shot
Kerpow! Kerpow.. (kerpow.. kerpow..) OOOOH
Then I blend into the crowd
(Oh-ah, oh-ah, oh-ah, oh-ahh...) OOOOH
Hang with a bunch of hotheads, super hyphy and wild
Tell yo' batch to stop askin about a player
Inquirin about a player, can't fuck her right now later
I'm busy gettin my paper and ridin 'round in my scraper
Interactin networkin and campaignin like Arnold Schwarzenegger
Like McCormick's I'm seasoned, I run my region (run yo' region)
Y'all think I'm starvin? Hell naw nigga I'm eatin (we eatin)
Stay barkin like Dino, lyin and cheatin
Keep jackin my lingo one of these rappers gon' end up leakin

[Hook 2X: E-40]
YAY ARE-AHHHHH!!! Like dat?
Tell the people that 40-Water is back
YAY ARE-AHHHHH!!! LIke dat?
Tell the people that 40-Water is back
You might also like[E-40]
We be to rap, what key be to lock (key be to lock)
Cut a corner or 2 and bend the block (bend the block)
The West ain't been the same without 'Pac
So I, guess it's up to E-40 and Rick Rock (act like)
... STUNT (uhh)
You hear 40 new shit? He on there comin
You hear 40 new shit? He on there dumpin
Hear all the women talk about "That nigga somethin!"
(Where you born at?) Born and raised in the Yay (uh-huh)
Got some folks in Lompoc and Skeleton Bay
Uhh, kilograms I had to measure
Finger on my Heckler, havin mo' paper, than a paper shredder
Oooh, tycoon 'til I fall ('til I fall)
I don't sound like none of y'all (none of y'all)
You gettin independent scratch? (uh-huh)
Just remember the niggas that taught you that

[Hook]

[E-40]
Ooooh - who you loyal to? Loyal to my soil
Never leave the pad without my blessing oil (uh-huh)
Cause I surround myself with felons (what they do?)
Pop innertubes and bust melons (oooh)
Ooooh - HUSTLERS
On the lookout for the racketbusters
On the lookout for the fuzz
The racketbusters meanin people them false, them undercovers
Never tell a batch what you're up to (what she might do)
Cause one day she might tell on you (and what else)
And you'll be sittin in the can (while she what)
While she fuckin all yo' friends (uh-huhhh)
Spendin all yo' yaper (what else tell me)
Ridin 'round in yo' scraper (what she givin)
Givin brains (uh-huh)
All the hood homies runnin choo-choo trains
[Hook]

[Repeat to fade]
* We be to rap, what key be to lock
* We be - we be to rap, what key be to lock - but3Embed