Who You Slidin’ Wit’ Lyrics[Intro: Big L]
Yo, what's the deal, miss?
I'm sayin though, lemme know somethin' right now
Y'know? We been dancin' all night
I been buyin' you drinks all night and shit
You goin' home wit' a nigga or what?
Tell me somethin'!

[Hook x2: Big L]
What up, miss?
Who you hidin' wit'? Who you slidin' wit'? Who you ridin' wit'?
We can jump in the SL, rent a room at the best 'tel
I make it last 'cause I sex well
[Verse 1: Big L]
Henn'-Rock and Alize I get drunk off
What up, miss? Get wit' a real man and cut that punk off
E'rythang gon' be alright
I been, watchin' you watch me all night
I asked honey her name, and she told me Celeste
She had big breasts, honey had me harder than a Spanish test
We on the dancefloor, gettin' our boogie on
I see the haters watchin' me wit' they hoodies on
Tryin' to peep the ice under the sleeve
I'm like, "It's time to breeze", told honey, "Let's leave"
Took her to M&G's, got some eggs and cheese
Grits, fishcakes and orange juice freshly squeezed
When she finished her meal, I said, "What's the deal?
For real — you goin' home, or you tryna chill?"
She got close, whispered somethin' slow in my ear
And it ain't hard to tell where we goin' from here
Yeah!

[Hook x2: Big L]

[Verse 2: Stan Spit]
I ain't on that hatin' stuff
I was feelin' shorty, and the bitch told me she was datin' Puff
I'm a average nigga
And she said she was in a 6-month relationship wit' that nigga called Jigga
How I'mma compete wit' that? I'm a corner nigga sellin' crack
Guess I gotta be a ball playin' nigga to bone Da Brat
One bitch ain't even wanna fuck
She runnin' around, all open off Kurupt
The hoe I thought was gon' be real easy
Told me she got a man, he's some beatmakin' nigga named Stevie
What's wrong wit' these hoes? I'm a fly nigga
I don't wanna go flipmode on Rah Digga
Or Miss Lopez, bitch know Feds
She used to be in The Bronx, rockin' PRO-Keds
Wit' some Dominican 'dro heads
Ridin' topless on the back of mopeds, titties all out
What! What! What!
You might also like[Hook x2: Big L]

[Verse 3: Big L]
If your game rusty, around your dame never trust me
'Cause soon as you blink, I'mma slide her off and bust three
And I only lay pipe to dimes
A lot of niggas I know are takin' care of kids that might be mines
I love to go low — I'm freaky like that
I never get caught creepin' 'cause I'm sneaky like that, uhh!
It ain't my fault your girl be ho-hoppin'
And matter of fact, the last time you gave her loot to go shoppin'
Honey picked me up some dope shirts
It's because of me why she's walkin' crooked and her throat hurts
I hate to wait, 'cause I'm not on the patient tip
Just hit me off, we don't need a relationship
And when you mention my name, it ring a bell
Ask any female, nobody do it like L
I met this chick Rhonda, who pushed the black Honda
Took her to the crib and bombed her wit' this big brown anaconda

[Hook x4: Big L]

[Outro: Big L]
Uhh! Flamboyant Entertainment
NFL, 1-3-9, Lenox Ave
Harlem shit, uhh
That's how we do, yeah5Embed