24 Hours to Live Lyrics
I want you to ask yourself one question
If you had twenty-four hours to live, what would you do?
That's some deep shit right there, a lot of pressure
How would you handle it?
Mase, what would you do?

Yo, I'd turn out all the hoes that's heterosexual
Smack conceited niggas right off the pedestal
I'd even look for my dad that I never knew
And show him how I look in my Beretta too
I'd do good shit like take kids from the ghetto
Show them what they could have if they never settle
Take every white kid from high class level
Show 'em what Christmas like growin' up in the ghetto
Teach niggas how to spend, stack the rest
Give blunts to the niggas under massive stress
Give every bum on the street cash to invest
And hope Harlem World blow up be my last request
Yo, yo, if I had twenty four hours to kick the bucket, fuck it
I'd probably eat some fried chicken and drink a Nantucket
Then go get a jar from Branson
And make sure I leave my mother the money to take care of grandson
Load the three power, hop in the Eddie Bauer
And go give all six to that papi that sold me flour
Get a fresh baldie, make a few calls
Shop at the mall, shoot a lil' ball
Have all of my bitches in one telly at the same time
Spread it out on different floors
And I'm gon' play lotto, for what?
Even though I ain't gon' be here tomorrow, so what?

Y'know when I was close to the ledge, I'd probably be in the wedge
With this bad Spanish mami playin' 'tween my legs
Then I'm off to get choke and smoke one of them dreads
And get that bitch from '89 that gave us up to the Feds
Thought of momma, wrote her a note, we ain't close
I hate her boyfriend, so I put one in his throat
Fuck around and sniff an ounce of raw, bust the four
Pause, pull out my dick and take a piss on the floor
Jump in the whip, get them cats I wanted to get
Since the Tavern on the Green robbery in '86
Went home, took a shower in ice cold water
And spend my last hours with my son and my daughter
You might also like
If you had twenty-four hours to live, just think
Where would you go? What would you do?
Who would you screw? And who would you wanna notify?
Or would your ass deny that your ass about to die?
If you had twenty-four hours to live, just think
Where would you go? What would you do?
Who would you screw? And who would you wanna notify?
Or would your ass deny that your ass about to die?

What, ayo, if I had twenty-four, nigga gotta get the raw
Run all in papi's spot, put one in his head at the door
For the times that I paid for twenty and he gave me twelve
The other eight had to be baking soda by itself
So papi, fuck you, you dead now, I'm off to the bank
With those bricks in a book bag and a stolen Jag I just grabbed
Went in there, grab the bank teller with the pretty face
Fuck her in the safe and have her take me to my place
We'll make a kid but that's selfish and that'd be bad
For my son to have the same shit his pops just had
And when I'm down to twenty-three, I'ma be strapped with TNT
Run up in city hall and take the judges with me

If I had twenty-four hours to live, I'd probably die on the fifth
Run in the station squeezin' the inf'
I'll be waitin' to get to hell and bust down Satan
Styles on this shit and I got spot vacant
Back to the twenty-four, I'll make it out the precinct
Shootin' niggas that I hate in they face while they eatin'
I'm on the job robbin' every so-called don
Give the money to my moms and tell her that I'm gone
I would school my little brother that niggas mean him harm
He should learn to tell the future without readin' palms
When they come in with the bullets, you prepared with the bomb
So fuck bein' violent, get stocks and bonds
Twenty-four left until my death
So I'm gon' waste a lot of lives but I'll cherish every breath
I know exactly where I'm goin' but I'ma send you there first
And with the shit that I'll be doin', I'ma send you there worse
I've been livin' with a curse and now it's all about to end
But before I go, say hello to my little friend
But I gots to make it right, reconcile with my mother
Try to explain to my son, tell my girl I love her
C4 up under the coat, snatch up my dawg
Turn like three buildings on Wall Street into a fog
Out with a bang, you will remember my name
I wanted to live forever, but this wasn't fame

If you had twenty-four hours to live, just think
Where would you go? What would you do?
Who would you screw? And who would you wanna notify?
Or would your ass deny that your ass about to die?
If you had twenty-four hours to live, just think
Where would you go? What would you do?
Who would you screw? And who would you wanna notify?
Or would your ass deny that your ass about to die?
If you had twenty-four hours to live, just think
Where would you go? What would you do?
Who would you screw? And who would you wanna notify?
Or would your ass deny that your ass about to die?
If you had twenty-four hours to live, just think
Where would you go? What would you do?
Who would you screw?8Embed