Gangstas & Strippers Lyrics[Refrain]
Gotta get a bitch and get my dick sucked
I gotta get a bitch and get my dick sucked
Gotta get a bitch and get my dick sucked
I gotta get a bitch and get my dick sucked

[Bridge]
From the weed house straight to the strip club
Gotta get a bitch and get my dick sucked
I pull heat from the hip, bruh
All I fuck with is gangsters and strippers
[Verse 1]
She's a killer and a sweet thing
Will set a nigga up, put the money in the G-string
Now throw them G's up
And tell that bitch, "Get up off your knees, slut"
'Cause we get rowdy at night
Them scary motherfuckers know how we like to fight
That's why they leave when we show up
Then all your little bitches see me and ho up
Square people don't want me around
We get crunk in the A, we go dumb in the town
They say we like to clown
But we get too stupid on that hyphy sound, what?

[Chorus]
How you like me now? All the gangsters and strippers
How you like my style? I fuck with gangsters and strippers
I know I'm kind of wild like the gangsters and strippers
It's 'bout time you find out, all I fuck with is gangsters and strippers

[Verse 2]
I don't blow no mids
I'm a California nigga, all the hoes know this
Yeah, we smoking purple
Pedal to the metal and we going in circles
All you smell is weed and rubber
If I hit your baby mama, I'm a motherfucker
'Cause she's loving me
Staring in my face, she wanna fuck with me
I wanna fuck her too
And I always know just what to do
Your baby mama's a stripper
Town business, it won't take long to get her
And she's a cute little thick thing
I got her going dumb on the dick, man
I'm insane when I spit game
Then I dump 'em and flush 'em like shit stains
You might also like[Chorus]
How you like me now? All the gangsters and strippers
How you like my style? I fuck with gangsters and strippers
I know I'm kind of wild like the gangsters and strippers
It's 'bout time you find out, all I fuck with is gangsters and strippers

[Verse 3]
You see me at the strip club
Outside, 'bout to pick a bitch up
Around four A.M. 
I'm up all night, you know I am
And if you fuck with me
I make one phone call, call up some G's
Relax, don't tell me what to do
I kick back and watch all hell break loose
I feel sorry for y'all
'Cause once they start, I can't call 'em off
You see the front door, you better run
You never got jumped before? It's fun
When you're doing the jumping
Turn his motherfucking head into a pumpkin
Sock him in his mouth, knock the nigga out
Then take his girl to the house and dig it out, bitch

[Refrain]
Gotta get a bitch and get my dick sucked
I gotta get a bitch and get my dick sucked
Gotta get a bitch and get my dick sucked
I gotta get a bitch and get my dick sucked
[Chorus]
Now how you like me now? I fuck with gangsters and strippers
How you like my style? All I fuck with is gangsters and strippers
I know I'm kind of wild like all the gangsters and strippers
It's 'bout time you find out, all I fuck with is gangsters and strippers

[Outro]
How you like me now? Gangsters and strippers
How you like me now? BitchEmbed