Take a Walk Lyrics[Intro: Masta Ace, Spanky and Our Gang]
Uh-huh, uh-huh (Uh-huh) (Aah-aah-aah-aah)
(Uh-huh) Uh-huh (Uh-huh) yeah (Aah-aah-aah-aah-aah-aah)
Blue skies, (Blue skies) (Aah-aah-aah-aah)
Sunshine (Sunshine)
What a day, (What a day) (Aah-aah-aah-aah-aah-aah)
Let's take a walk in the…

[Interlude: Apocalypse with Master Ace, Spanky and Our Gang]
Brownsville come on (Aah-aah-aah-aah)
Bed-Stuy come on
Fort Greene come on (Aah-aah-aah-aah-aah-aah)
Everybody come on
Queensbridge come on (Aah-aah-aah-aah)
South Bronx come on
Uptown come on (Aah-aah-aah-aah-aah-aah)
Everybody come on
[Verse 1: Masta Ace with Punchline]
Let's take a walk through the deepest part of the hood
I wanna know who it was that said it was "all good"
He musta never been to the corner
And spent the half an hour, or longer
Where you could smell reality stronger
Where they sell you grease in a box and hope that you die quicker
And if you're old enough to walk to the store, you can buy liquor
Where you can find a dice game at any time of the night
And somebody gets shot or stabbed every time there's a fight
Where cats die in the blue sky and the sunlight
And ya bound to get clowned for not holdin ya gun right
By little kids with great game, 'cause they learned to take aim
At a young age, and elude police with a fake name
He's tellin 'em, "I'm Bobby Jackson from 3-B."
When the fact is, he's really Rashawn from 4-D
Hey, this is going out to your hood straight from mine
Ay yo, let's take a walk in blue skies and sunshine, come on

[Chorus 1: Master Ace, Elaine "Spanky" McFarlane, both]
Blue skies, (Blue skies) sunshine (Sunshine)
What a day (What a day) (Let's take a walk) to take a walk in the… (Let's take a walk in the…) (Let's go)
Blue skies, (Uh-huh) sunshine (Yeah)
What a day (What a day) (What a day) to take a walk in the…
(Let's take a walk in the…) (Let's go)
Blue skies, (Blue skies) sunshine (Sunshine)
What a day (What a day) (Yeah) to take a walk in the…
(Let's take a walk in the…) (Let's go)
Blue skies, (Uh-huh) sunshine (Uh-huh)
What a day (What a day) (Uh-huh) to take a walk in the…
(Let's take a walk in the…) (Come on, let's go)
You might also like[Verse 2: Apocalypse, Punchline, both]
Over here, it's either rap, hustle crack, or play ball
And gats niggas' parry ain't small
The cats that used to be kids when you ran the halls, is the drug lords
His broad's the same chick that liked you from the fourth floor (Uh-huh)
Her older brother, he the neighborhood bully
You and him cool, but he keep playin ya boy 'cause he pussy (Uh-huh)
Where the old ladies' be up in ya BI
Callin' 9-11 every time you in the yard tryna be high
Dice games can turn into a shootout quick
If you sayin' he aced, then he sayin' he sixed
People waitin for the mail to get they check
In blue skies and sunshine, you gotta give respect to get respect, ya know?

[Chorus 2: Master Ace, Elaine "Spanky" McFarlane, both]
Blue skies, (Uh-huh) (Blue skies) sunshine (Uh-huh)
What a day (What a day) (Uh-huh) to take a walk in the… (Let's take a walk in the…) (Let's go)
Blue skies, (Uh-huh) sunshine (Sunshine)
What a day (What a day) (Yeah) (Uh-huh) to take a walk in the… (Let's take a walk in the…) (Come on) (Let's go)
Blue skies, (Uh-uh) (Blue skies) sunshine (Sunshine)
What a day (What a day) (What a day) to take a walk in the…
(Let's take a walk in the…) (Come on) (Let's go)
Blue skies, (Uh-huh) sunshine (Yeah)
What a day (What a day) (Everybody) to take a walk in the…
(Let's take a walk in the…) (Come on, let's go)
[Bridge: Apocalypse, with Punchline, Masta Ace]
Compton come on
Long Beach come on
Fifth Ward come on
Everybody come on
Brick City come on
Cabrini Green come on
West Philly come on
Everybody come on

[Verse 3: Masta Ace with Punchline,]
And oh yeah, if you see a girl on the block, be sure 'fore you rush over
'Cause fourteen-year-old girls be dressed like they much older
See, that young chick walkin' the block tryna get paid
Is in the same class wit ya sister, and still in the tenth grade
And ya might see your neighbor down at the corner bodega
Buyin' a malt liquor in exchange for a used Sega
You can even buy your clothes on the block, imagine that
From Versace, to a Coogi sweater wit a matchin' hat
See, this cat's got a big bag of stuff that he just stole
It's the same old routine, but it never gets old
And ya might catch a cab if you live on the right block
From Black Pearl to White Top, yo they might stop
They got a bulletproof partition, 'cause niggas draw heat
But the driver got a bigger one up under the seat
See, cats don't really wanna kill, they tryna eat
Yo, ain't it a nice day to take a walk in the street?
Let's go

[Chorus 3: Master Ace, Elaine "Spanky" McFarlane, both]
Blue skies, (Uh-huh) (Blue skies) sunshine (Sunshine) (Uh-huh)
What a day (What a day) (Let's take a walk, come on) (Uh-huh) to take a walk in the… (Let's take a walk in the…) (Let's go)
Blue skies, (Blue skies) (Uh-huh) sunshine (Sunshine) (Uh-huh)
What a day (Uh-huh) to take a walk in the… (Let's take a walk in the…) (Come on, let's go)
Blue skies, (Uh-uh) sunshine (Sunshine) (Uh-uh)
What a day (What a day) (What a day, come on) (Uh-huh) to take a walk in the…
(Let's take a walk in the…) (Let's go)
Blue skies, (Uh-huh) sunshine (Sunshine)
What a day (Uh-huh) to take a walk in the…
(Let's take a walk in the…) (Come on, let's go)

[Interlude: Masta Ace, Apocalypse, & Punchline]
Drunk drivers come on
Bus drivers come on
Cab drivers come on
Everybody come on
Hustlas come on
Boostas come on
Baby mamas come on
Everybody come on
Sing-Sing come on
Fishkill come on
Rikers come on
Everybody come on
Shaolin come on
Long Island come on
Brooklyn come on
Everybody come on

[Outro: Masta Ace]
Let's take a walk (Uh) (Yeah)
Let's take a walk (That's right)
Let's take a walk
Come on, let's take a walk in the…
Let's take a walk (Uh-huh)
Let's take a walk (Yeah)
Let's take a walk (That's right)
Come on, let's take a walk in the… (Let's go)4Embed