Doggy Dogg World Lyrics
Can we get a motherfuckin' moment of silence
For the small chronic break?
A-hah, niggas be brown-nosin' these hoes and shit
Takin' bitches out to eat, and spendin' money on these hoes
Know what I'm sayin'?
I treat a bitch like 7-Up — I never have, I never will
I tell a bitch like this:
"Bitch, you without me is like Harold Melvin without Bluenotes
You'll never go platinum!"
Hey Daz, give me a light, nigga
We’d like to welcome y'all to the fabulous Carolina West
I own this motherfucker, and my name is Taa-Dow
Y'all niggas know who I am, y'all niggas tearin' up shit
But we got somethin' old, and somethin' new for y'all tonight
Put yo' hands together for Snoop Doggy Dogg
The Dogg Pound, and the fabulous Dramatics

It's like everywhere I look, and everywhere I go
I'm hearin' motherfuckers tryin' to steal my flow
But it ain't no thang, 'cause, see, my nigga Coolio
Put me up on the game when I stepped through the do'

You know, some of these niggas is so deceptive
Usin' my styles like a contraceptive
I hope you get burnt, seems you haven't learnt
It's the knick-knack, paddywhack, I still got the biggest sack
So put your gun away, run away, 'cause I'm back (Whyyy?)
Hit 'em up, get 'em up, spit 'em up
Now, tell me, what's going on?
It make me wanna holler, 'cause my dollars come in O-zones
Known for the break up, so take off your clothes
And quit tryin' to spit at my motherfuckin' hoes
Speakin' of hoes, I'll get to the point
You think you got the bomb 'cause I rolled you a joint?
You'se a flea! And I'm the Big Dogg
I'll scratch you off my balls with my motherfuckin' paws
Y'alls niggas better recognize (Uh-huh)
And see where I'm comin' from — it's still Eastside 'til I die
Why ask why?
As the world keeps spinnin' to the D-O-double G, Y
You might also like
It's a crazy, mixed-up world
It's a Doggy Dogg World

Well, if you give me ten bitches, then I'll fuck all ten
See my homie Snoop Dogg sippin' juice and gin
Don't slip, I'm for the set-trip to get papers
Styles vary, packin' flavor like Lifesavers
Ain't that somethin'? Talk shit and I'm dumpin'
I had your whole fuckin' block bumpin'
Don't sweat, but check the technique, I'm unique like China
You'll never find a bomber rhymer than this nigga behind ya
So peek-a-boo, clear the way, I'm comin' through
One-two, three — you can't see me
I'm a G like that, strapped with hit-hard tactics
A fuckin' menace, usin' hoes like tennis rackets
It's on again, it's on and poppin'
All I see is green, so there ain't no stoppin'
I wanna see some panties droppin'
I'm comin' from L.A, she used to chill with Dre up in Compton
(All I ever did was just use that ho
Show her my dickies, get with these, and kick flows)
I’m dishin' out blues, I’m upsettin' like bad news
Cut off khakis, french braids, and house shoes
Kurupt, the name’s often marked for catchin' slugs
And I smoke weed for the fuck of it
Ruff and rugged shit, it’s unexplanatory how I gets wicked
But it’s mandatory that I kick it
Check it, I’m runnin' hoes in '94, now must I prove it
Hoes call me Sugar Ray for the way I be stickin' and movin'
Prepare for a war, it’s on
I’m head huntin', hit the button, and light shit up like Red Dawn
Peep the massacre from a verbal assassin
Murderin' with rhymes packin' TEC-9’s for some action
You really don’t know, do you? You fuckin' wit a hog
You can’t do me, I’m goin' out looney like O-Dog
It's a crazy, mixed-up world
It's a Doggy Dogg World

Tha Dogg Pound rocks the party (All night long)
Uh-huh, 'til when? (Till the early morn')
It don't stop, and uh... it don't quit for the...
Tha Dogg Pound clique to drop the cavi dope shit

Diggity-Daz out of the motherfuckin' cut once mo'
So grab a seat and grab your gin and juice and check out the flow
I flip-flop and serve hoes with the fat dick
'Til I die, I'm still screamin' out ("Bitches ain't shit!")
Now, I'm the mack daddy, had he
Not known about the city where I'm from, dum-diddy-dum
As you groove to the gangster shit
The D-O-double G, the P-O-U-N-D, the gangster clique
Now as Tha Pound break it down with the gangster funk
I can see and I can tell that's what the fuck you want
So I blaze up the chronic so I can get high
I promise I'll smoke chronic 'til the day that I die

It's a Doggy Dogg World8Embed