Rap City Freestyle Lyrics[Intro - Big Tigga]
It's going down! Rap City the Basement, Aphrodita
Juelz! Twin! Cam's definitely in the building

BET, Rap City, Big Tigga
Putting it down with Juelz and Cam, my _____
Fill in the blank, your ass might get spanked, you dig?
We doing it way big, so come on
Let it rock now!

Hey, this album, from me to you
Any freestyle in the Basement I'mma see it through
Watch your back in the streets, the one that stab
You might even be your crew, Me and Cam
You know how we do. Harlem/Bx representers, Big Tig born
In the month of December. My man Juelz is the
Dipset representer. Who's going next? Cam? Or Juelz?
[Juelz Santana]
Juelz Santana, August 19th, from me to you:
Yo, I'm still popping the Ruger, duke
Still hop in the newest coupe
Still got me a hootie-hoo, still got me
From Rucka, too. And she will swallow a hoola-hoop
Ask around: she will swallow the Juicy Fruit
They can't tell em cats how them bullets
Propelling fast, leave your head and melon smashed
Hella fast in a yellow cab
Uh, comes to doing this, yeah you so great
When it comes to doing shh
Okay, you spit, you've got the flu: you sick
Homeboy, I'm rich! I got the coupe from this
I got the car, the crib, I got the roof from this
Plus I got your girl thinking I'm the cutest Dip
That'll hurt your heart, but I'm working hard
Y'all some hating chumps, back to making bucks
Boy, I'm so used to dishing the bird out
I bought a crib in the tree so I could live in the birdhouse
Dipset, boy, you know what them birds bout
Gun in each hand, so you know when them birds out
My man Black is the utmost nutso
British is dumb known for letting his gun go!
My man James keep the Glock on pop-o
Soon as I say "get em!" he says "Tato, Tato"
He comes through with his Spanish team
2 Hummers: tan and green
1 coupe: a tangerine Lamborghin'
God damn it's mean, god damn the team
Look at his wheels: god damn the feet
God damn it, he keep on stuntin'
God damn, is he gon' keep on stuntin'?
Oh yes I am buzzin', oh yes I am buggin'
Oh yes I am dumpin' on any man frontin'
Oh yes I am, cousin
I don't play that, I "OKAY" that
I bring the K back, spray that and shoot you down!
Til you move around, lose a pound, who's it now?
Lose it now, Ruger down, chump: we'll shoot you down
You might also like[Cam'ron]
Everybody out at the Rock the Mic tour
We back in the kitchen, rocking the white raw
You copping your pipe for, locking your nice doors
We pop up in like 4 with chickens that like raw
They clickin', they like raw! They fixin' to fight for
Me: look at my ice, for sure, your sight's sore
We all wearing links as I prepare a drink
Glare and think how I got the whole New York wearing pink
Girls, they stare and wink, how I flare the mink
Pop the top, pop the throttle, cock a Glock
Pop a bottle, see "Paid in Full" now I'm up in Blockbuster
And I'm paid in full: still on the block, buster
Not for rock, rucker, '01 ride-wrecker
Shogun, show guns, blow one, you not Gutter!
Little inside joke for you cocksuckers
My block, sucker? Popcorn and hot butter
Like its the movie theater, but its the Uzi area
Hootie-hoo for hootie-hoo, produce hysteria
And me, I ain't no coattail snitch
I did the Motel 6 with them wholesale bricks5Embed