You Came Up Lyrics[Intro: Noreaga & Big Pun]
Yo, what the deal, baby?
I see ya, a'ight?
Still not a player, but you still a hater
Ha! Pun here, where my horns at?
Where my horns?

[Bridge: Big Pun & Noreaga]
Fa ye da da ya da da da da
Fa ye da da ya da da da
[Chorus: Noreaga & Big Pun] X2
Pun, you came up
What, what? Makin' it happen
From rappin' on the corner to possibly goin' platinum
But when we roll, are you still ready to ride?
Yo, I'll be ready to ride and I'll be ready to die

[Verse 1: Big Pun]
Ay-yo, my word is bond
Long as I'm alive, I'mma put it on
Coulda gone to jake, shit, thug nigga 'til I'm gone
Weight of the Bronx, I'm flippin
Five boroughs thoroughly reppin'
Let's unite the city and step to the world as a weapon
'Cause everybody's checkin' for Pun, second to none
'Cause Latins goin' platinum was destined to come
The inevitable, heavenly, better than whatever you do
We eligible, TS is incredibly credible
For the revenue, we gettin' you open with lyrical dope
And these breaths that are potent is like an injectional dose
And it never quits
Take it from TS's top terrorist
Rapper slash hijacker, bombin' tracks ever since
I was young, I wasn't always Big Pun
It wasn't always this fun, ay-yo, I rose from the slums
I had to pay my due, lay a few
But I ain't sayin' who, stayin' true to the game
No names, playin' it cool, just me and the crew
Holdin' it down long as we round
We gonna keep sockin' it to you, like Homey D. Clown
Goin' down like 'Pac, ready to ride or die, nigga
La-da-le-la-la-la-la-la
You might also like[Chorus: Noreaga & Big Pun]
Pun, you came up
What, what? Makin' it happen
From rappin' on the corner to possibly goin' platinum
But when we roll, are you still ready to ride?
Yo, I'll be ready to ride and I'll be ready to die

[Verse 2: Big Pun]
Ay-yo, ain't nothin' changed, I'm still the same
The way you remembered me, since the centipede
Harder, big blacker, back in the 70's
Try to remember me from my aggressive will
The way I kept it real is more important than any record deal
I used to chill on the block with Cuban and Seis
I still do, but now it's in the blue convertible eight-- fifty
My true niggas'll always be wit' me
The shifty kiss me, tell me they miss me, then try to diss me
'Cause I'm a rispy, crispy for life, sixtie's the price
Another fifty for the Cuban twisted in ice
Niggas is sheist, but I psych 'em out
Though they like to doubt
I make 'em all believers, once I let the Tyson out
'Cause I can vouch for only a few, only the crew
From the old school, I consider loyally true
I morally grew from a fool to a scholar
Follow the rules on how to spot a plotter
That's cool for a dollar
I wanna holla at my peeps that's reppin' the streets
Wrestlin' the beast of chest, restin' in peace
Blessin' my seeds and watchin' over us
'Til I die, I'll align the souls with mine and shine for all of us
[Chorus: Noreaga & Big Pun]
Pun, you came up
What, what? Makin' it happen
From rappin' on the corner to possibly goin' platinum
But when we roll, are you still ready to ride?
Yo, I'll be ready to ride and I'll be ready to die

[Outro: Big Pun]
Fa ye da da ya da da da da
Fa ye da da ya da da da
Fa ye da da ya da da da da
For my thug niggas, thug niggas11Embed