Superstar Lyrics
You ain't gotta be no superstar
I only want to find out who you are
And you ain't gotta be no Superman
So if you wanna talk to me, you can

My girlies caught me on a good day
I was bored, in the mood for jugs
So we took it to a club
Thinking we would mingle a little
And plus, at the time, I was single a little
So I said "Fine, we could meet up about nine"
So anyway we goes in the place
Word up, it's flowing
We walking around, giving up peace to everyone we know and
The people in the joint is yelling, "Hurt me! Hurt me!"
I'm working my way over to the bar, 'cause I'm thirsty
And then I see this guy
Oh no, I think he sights me!
I smile 'cause he's fly
He smiles back, I think he likes me!
But then it takes a twist
He sends his homeboy to talk to me
'Cause he's scared to get dissed
I don't bark, baby?!
I don't bite neither!
You could have asked me yourself
For my number to my beeper
The worst thing I'd have said was "no"
So maybe next time
You better push up like a pro, bro
You ain't gotta be no superstar
I only want to find out who you are
And you ain't gotta be no Superman
So if you wanna talk to me, you can

Saturday, cooling in the house
Looking at the videos
At the same time, I'm trying to put on my clothes
First date! First date!
With a guy, his name was Nate
(Was he fly?) Yes he was
(Word up?) The type you have on a plate, cuz
I only met him last night
So I don't really know him, but I hope it goes right
So he rolls up at my door in a twenty-four-foot limo
What is all this for?
Are we expecting more?
He showered me with gifts and
Then he kissed me on my hand?
Now what was in your plan?
I really didn't understand
We're only going to the movies
Either you're trying to impress me
Or else you're trying to get the cooty
Listen baby, I don't want a condo
You can make me smile a little and give me convo
All I might require from a man is intelligence
And all them other material things is irrelevant
You might also like
You ain't gotta be no superstar
I only want to find out who you are
And you ain't gotta be no Superman
So if you wanna talk to me, you can
You ain't gotta be no superstar
I only want to find out, I only wanna find out
I only want to find out, I only want to find out
Just find out who you are

Now if you ready to deal
With a girl who considers herself a queen
And you know how to treat a queen
Then step to the scene
And chill with the shyness and the pride, baby
'Cause life is beautiful with the Highness by your side
Maybe we can sit alone in a room and deal
We can take a ride listening to music and chill
And I can do the crazy things I never thought I'd do
And maybe I can do all of those crazy things with you
But you ain't gotta be no superstar, honey
All I wanna find out is exactly who you are
Money ain't gon' make me love ya
And neither will your car
So cease with the latter two
With that attitude you won't be getting far
And I love all of my brothers with a passion
Can't a sister get the same type of reaction? (Yeah)
If you're cool like that
Take a trip to Jersey, 'cause that's where I'm at
You ain't gotta be no superstar
I only want to find out who you are
And you ain't gotta be no Superman
So if you wanna talk to me, you can
You ain't gotta be no superstar
I only want to find out who you are
And you ain't gotta be no Superman
So if you wanna talk to me, you can

No you ain't gotta be no superstar
I only want to know just who you are
No you ain't gotta be no superstar
I only want to know just who you are1Embed