The Meaning To Your Love Lyrics[Verse 1]
Yo, is it me or the damn chain? (My chains)
Is it me or the champagne? (Let me know)
Is it me or the tan Range?
Is it the dame can't restrain cause the man flames?
You're the type a bull a little smaller with the damn rings
Is it she see me push the business around?
Is she living in a town where syringes are found?
Is it cause she know I’m rakin' in stupendous amounts?
Invite you out to the house and your friends is aroused (like wow)
It just couldn’t be the waiters and the catered food
Great booze, lake view, and a room like a Laker do
Just to show you what a good amount of paper do
The big faces he drew look like a cape would move
Laced with jewels, wrist, neck, chest full of ice
Look like you ran inside of Tiffany’s and pulled a heist
Where you stay inside the PJs is full of mice
Yo, it's just me you like? Cut it out, you pullin' pipe
[Hook] [x2]
There’s a limit to your love!
Yo, what’s the meaning to your love, Ma?
There’s a limit to your love!
Tell me the meaning to your love, Ma
There’s a limit to your love!
What’s the meaning to your love, Ma?
There’s a limit to your love!
Tell me the meaning to your love

[Verse 2]
Is you here for the long run?
Is you here for the long sums?
See where you at if a storm come
I bet you up and leave a breeze like it's no wrong done
A ounce of weed a day, baby you got some strong lungs
But what would happen if God forbid I'm in an accident
Lose my two legs and my back is bent
And every stack sent to doctors for puttin' brackets in
I bet you'd say "Salute captain" and go and pack your tents
First time I seen a chick do a backwards limp
I be like, What happened baby? I thought G Rap your prince?
Shit brought you back to senses when a nigga back in rent
I bet you'd have a foot forward and one back to sprint
When it’s all gone and life no longer immaculate
When his pockets flat and he down in the dumps
The whip's no longer thumping those sounds in the trunk
Now you frail and you're sunken like you crown of the chumps
You might also like[Hook] [x2]Embed