Battle w/Busy Bee (Harlem World, 1981) Lyrics[Verse 1:  Kool Moe Dee]
One for the treble, two for the bass
C’mon Easy Lee and let’s rock the place!
One, two, one, two
Do what you do, now!

Hold on, Busy Bee, I don’t mean to be bold
But put that “ba-ditty-ba” bullshit on hold
We gonna get right down to the nitty-grit
Gonna tell you little somethin’ why you ain’t shit
It ain’t a emcee's jock that you don’t hug
You even bit your name from the “Lovebug”
And now to bite a nigga’s name, that’s some low-down shit (Shut up! Shut up!)
If you was money, man, you’d be counterfeit
I gotta give it you, though, you can rock
But everybody know you’re on the Furious' jock
And I remember, Busy, from the olden-times
When my man, Spoonie G, used to sell you rhymes
Remember that rhyme called, “Ditty-Ba-Ditty”?
Man, goddamn, that shit was a pity!
Too hot to trot, here to rock a spot
Spoonie G rocked it whether you like it or not
He begged for the rhyme, asked for it twice
He says, “Spoonie G, I’ll buy at any price!”
When Spoonie finally sold it, oh, what a relief
Busy B stole it like a fuckin’ thief
Came out rockin’, the party's hard (Shut up!)
Got everybody thinkin’ that that rhyme's yours! (Shut up!)
Every time I hear it, I throw a fit
Party after party – the same old shit!
Record after record, rhyme after rhyme
Always want to know your zodiac sign
He changed the shit to the favorite jeans
C’mon, Busy Bee, tell me what that means
Hold on, brother man, don’t you say nothing
I’m not finished yet, I gotta tell you something
Too hot to trot, I’m here to rock the spot
I’m gonna rock your ass whether you like it or not
I’ll take the title right on the spot
How can I take a title you ain’t got?
You’re not number one, you’re not even the best
And you can’t win no real emcee contest
Celebrity Clubs and bullshit like those
Throw the kind of shows that everybody knows
Celebrity Clubs, those are the kind you can win
They’re all set up before he comes in
But in a battle like this, you’d know you’d lose
Between me and you, who do you think they’ll choose?
Well, if you think it’s you, I got bad news
Because they hear your name, you’re gonna hear some boos
‘Cause you’re fakin’ the funk, ‘cause you’re fakin’ the funk
And at the end of this rock, you can call me unc-le
Moe Dee rock shock the house
Call me unc-le
Rock the house, y’all
Like this y’all, a-like this y’all
Like this-a-this, it’s like this y’all

[Verse 2:  Kool MoeDee]
Now you popcorn-peanut-toy emcees
Never ever ever heard no rhymes likes these
‘Cause my intent, from the time I sent
Is to say those rhymes that I invent
And for your pleasure, a rhyme you’ll treasure
Please don’t try ‘cause you can’t measure
The length of time can’t touch the rhyme
Hip hop don’t stop, ‘cause you know I’m
An MC supreme and I’m one-of-a-kind
And if you search real hard, I’m sure you’ll find
Ain’t another MC who can rhyme like this
Not your mother or your father, aunt, brother, or your sis
Sit back and enjoy, don’t try to fight
‘Cause it’s very hard to say any rhyme I write
But do it like this, do it like that
Concentrate real hard and get the rhyme down pat
And no matter how hard you try, you’ll see
You’ll get your mind into mine and can’t say it like me
But you wanna be – Busy wanna-be!
And he know he wanna be another Kool Moe Dee
So let’s all chant, because you know you can’t
Everybody salute to the new MC champ
You might also likeIt’s like this y’all, like this y’all
Like this-a-this, it’s like this y’all

[Verse 3: Kool Moe Dee]
Now that “ba-ditty-ba-da-dang-da-dang-dang”
Sound pretty good, but it ain’t no thang
I’m the super scooper, party pooper
Man with all the super-duper
Disco breaks, have what it takes
A man who never makes mistakes
Can rap it low, I’m not a bore
Baddest man you ever saw
Money-makin’, earthquakin’
Man-who-gets-the-party-shakin’

[LA Sunshine]
No complication, stimulation
Man-who’s-gonna-rock-the-nation
Rhyme, rhyme, battle time
My opponent: he’s all mine
I’m not the baddest, not the maddest
When I win I am the gladdest
No beginner, not a sinner
On the mic I'm just a winner

[Kool Moe Dee]
Very, very merry, merry
Every time I bust a cherry
Oh my god, it's fame and glory
Thought I’d never tell this story
Only time I'm from the mic
Because it’s something that I like
To reassure, the rhymes are low
I always keep some sex in store
[LA Sunshine]
The baddest bad, superbad
Never sad, always glad
Rhymer that you'd rather have
If you fail, I never have
Sleek, sleek so unique
Guaranteed to move your feet
So ladies rock without a doubt
Guaranteed to turn it out

[Kool Moe Dee]
Remember me, MC Moe Dee
The man that’s at the T-O-P
And ladies’ dream the way it seems
When they see me, their eyes are gleamin’
I’m so shocking when I’m rocking
Bound to get your fingers popping
Have no doubt, I turn it out
‘Cause that’s a party’s all about

[LA Sunshine]
'Cause we do it right on through it
I don't need no disco fluid

[Kool Moe Dee]
Ball-playing, girl-laying
On the mic, a rhyme-saying
MC who rock viciously
Satisfaction guaranteed
Or you get your money back
Believe me, girl, it's not the whack
Treach-er-ous Three, as you can see
Special K, Sunshine, and I'm Kool Moe Dee

Signing off y'all, signing off y'all
From the South to the West to the East to the North
Busy Bee, my man, you know I went off!
A-Chill out, chill-a-chill out, chill on out
Chill out, chill-a-chill out, chill on out

Busy Bee!

Busy Bee, Busy Bee
Busy Bee Starski, I'm Kool Moe Dee
The best MC and that's my trophy!
Chill out, chill-a-chill out, chill on out
Chill out, chill-a-chill out, chill on out

[LA Sunshine]
And I just want all of y'all to know
That's why I'm on his dick!
That's why I'm on Moe Dee's dick!1Embed