J Clone LyricsC0mpl3x yessir!
Run program MC163..
Downloading Musical combat!
Input variable: J Cole
Input succesful, initializing J Clone

[C0mpl3x]
J Cole AKA Jermaine Clone
Known for type-styling a stereotype flow
J Cole AKA Jermaine Clone
Known for type-styling a stereotype flow
[C0mpl3x]
M.L. King had a dream, Benjamin Franklin had a key
Complex had the illest programmer ever: me!

"This is my favorite rapper of all time"

[Sun]
Anakin brandishing hammers in the Radison
Sharpshooting savages, Madison and Aderson
Beat beats and banish him, damaging challengers
Use the Sword of Excalibur to smash the Mayan calendar
Burn down the Vatican, cover the ____
Wolf the sheep we fabric we're Being John Malkovich
Spoke to me in Arabic, couldn't understand his shit
Spoke back to him in African, the nigga dropped his hands and shit
Told you something ravenous, microphone master shit
Clones get out of line, Sun duke they're gonna handle it
Psychopath, maniacal laugh, one was flying too fast
Two-faced assassin behind two masks
First place reserved for last, my first verse is mad
My second verse removed the earth from grass
The sunburst blasts: it's not fair
I only take cash you get the fuck out my cab
Post-millennium with Libyans on a sybian
I'm in my robe feeling this here is a mercy killing
Take both hands break the planet in half
Then resculpture the plaster to resemble the master
Total disaster, I'll mob in a flash
J Clone, I rhyme son, balderdash!
Invite you to math, cypher in the middle of class
Look at my badge, son, license is ?
You might also like[C0mpl3x]
You know terra firma the island
Terrorizing emcees Because I fucking feel like it
Most righteous exhaling nitrus on the night watch shift
The real watchmen on the their hip hop shit

[Hook: C0mpl3x]
Everybody knows Cole, aka Jermaine Clone
Known for type-styling and stereotype flowin
Everybody knows Cole, aka Jermaine Clone
Known for type-styling and stereotype flowin

"Soon as you move I'm dooming you!"

[Canibus]
Night owl, broke his wings but he still climbed out
Ate that rat inside out, let me find out
Look up in the sky and cry out what I'm about
Before we start, there's a couple things we gotta iron out
Hip Hop scalding hot, don't care who know my name and not
I chose to kill a microphone on the block
Double barrel apparel, pull back and cock it
Collaborate that, where the fuck is the deposit?
If it ain't a threat, then it must be a promise
You said my name so much, they think you being honest
It's more than that, we could've recorded a track
You could give me a stack for a verse just like that
I don't know what's worse: AIDS or cancer
Your stupid ass questions or your stupid ass answers
J. Clone, nice to meet you, the names Rip the Jacker
Let me introduce you to the master
[C0mpl3x PLOO verse]3Embed