Put Your Hands Up Lyrics[Intro]
Turn the fuckin beat on!
Ha!! Yeah, we back! S.D.!
I had to switch back to Dom Perignon in rap baby!
Cock-and-run to stay in the business
Son of a bitch! Double R, look at me now motherf..
Two-thousand-and-one, "Kiss the Game Goodbye" - let's get it on!

[Verse 1: Jadakiss]
It's the J-A-D-A, I got beef with the feds and the D-A
I got footage of the game, press replay
I got bitches in the club all over me, ma take it ea-sy
And y'all scared I can tell
That I'mma get Bucks like Milwaukee, cause like Sam, I ca' sell
I'm that nigga y'all know that
Bang you in tha yard then slide off on the early go-back
In the streets I flash the cannon like Kodak
And I spray threes, so say cheese
I already told you I'm lookin for enemies
Double R, so of course it's better
I love cornrows and Farrah Fawcett feathers
It's a message in a glass bottle read the letter
Money in the bank, membership, Visa sweaters
And we ride or d-i-e together
[Hook]
Uh uh, come on, put ya hands up
Nah, fuck that, put ya hands down
[Ahh] Come on, put ya hands up
Nah, fuck that put ya hands down

[Verse 2: Jadakiss]
Y'all know I got the master flow, fast or slow
Y'all wanna know who the best is? ask ya ho
The honies don't lie they love it
And they cop for real, so trust me dogg, the thugs will dub it
'Kiss hit you with consecutive hot shit
Therefore nobody ever gon' spit like I spit
Get money just to walk through, off the books
So when you mention my name, shit is off the hook
Shirts is off, titties is out
And you know when I'm there, hardest niggas in the city is out
I'm in the club, ice over the thermal, waitin' for you to try me-
When the lights get low I'mma burn you
Start with straight shots, and then pop bottles
Flirt with the hood rats, then pop models
You gotta slay two or more, ma, that's our motto
And y'all might get down with the team if y'all swallow

[Hook]
You might also like[Verse 3: Jadakiss]
(Muahh) Kiss the game goodbye, the game is mine
You thought wrong? change ya mind
I'm the nigga that'll pop the king, and scoop the queen
And take over the town with a ruthless team
New S-Type wagon, future green
Gun heavy, pants saggin, I'm used to cream
Who you know can make a million dollar bail on cash?
Never did a day and got the jails on smash., K-I double
I move the perico quick, and let the manteca bubble
'Kiss been a boss, y'all just start workin
Now put ya hands up 'til ya'll arms start hurtin
And don't put 'em down 'til I tell you
Whoever wanna be hard headed'll find out what the shells do
Now you can put 'em down if you want
But soon as the hook come back put 'em up!

[Hook]

[Fade Out]Embed