Ask Yourself a Question Lyrics[Produced by Dr. Dre]

[Intro: Kurupt]
Check it out
Here's a penny for your thoughts, a nicklebag of bliss
An M-16 with eighteen clips
I'm all set to bust, treacherous
Illustrious, homie don't question us

[Hook 1: Kurupt]
Just ask yourself the question
How many hoes can I fuck in one night?
Just ask yourself the question, nigga
How many niggas can I blast on sight?
[Verse 1: Kurupt]
I'm ferocious, and you knows this nigga
Bitches wear skirts, shake ass and bump
I pop pistols, that's all I do
I pop one at him and pop two at you
I'm illusive, I'm a glutton
Pistol popping activist with the key to the bucket
I rip your pockets of the side of your pants
You glare to the side and you glance, I’m in my G4 stance
How the fuck you make it this far?
No matter where you at, or who you are
People treat me like Kareem Abdul Jabbar
I hear ooh's and aah's when I jumps in my car
Just from last night you can tell
That I'm addicted to the fast life (Addicted to the fast life)
Shouts out to my homeboys Mad and Quell
You go on and fuck Misty, while I fuck Michelle

[Hook 2: Kurupt]
Just ask yourself the question
How many hoes can I fuck in one night?
Just ask yourself the question
How many niggas can I blast on sight?
Just ask yourself the question
Is it cool to ride, or is it cool to fuck?
Just ask yourself the question
I don't know why these motherfuckers wanna fuck with us
You might also like[Verse 2: Kurupt]
What you wanna do, penetrate me?
Bump my crib? Bust and fuck my bitch, nigga?
I never thought a nigga would trip
Off a little piece of ass that he know he could get
Any day (Any day) and any time (Any time)
You'se a vegetarian (what?), I like beef, turkey and pork
Fish and chips, chips and dip
Fuck it, hand me my knife and my fork
I'm not too picky nigga, Kurupt young Gotti
A.k.a. Low Ricky nigga (what up momma?)
Substantialar, tyrannosaurus, gigantic, titanic tarantula
On a creep homie, wake up
Don't sleep homie, supposed to know it
Look, I'm hazardous to health, nigga, bitch, nigga
Don't ask me shit 'til you ask yourself

[Hook: Dr. Dre and Kurupt]

[Verse 3: Dr. Dre]
(Fuck is up?)
Man, life's a bitch
You gotta put your pistol to the sky
Kill a million motherfuckers and get high in order to be cool
Man, you'se a motherfucking fool (Speak to these niggas)
I thought the same way back in the days
Young with a lack on daily things
Never thought too much, homie, never trip
I got drunk as fuck, the homies blaze sticks
Look out for them niggas out to get you
It's a mistake forgetting to take your pistol with you (Your pistol, nigga)
Niggas get swallowed in the game
I cock and bust hollows to peer, duck and frame
Yo nigga, that shit sounds like I did it
Don't blaze the Indica without the Thai with it
Niggas look like they're doped up like tired bitches
With the eyes wide gone, you spit the harpoon
Wiping shit the fuck out, like typhoons
With the little homeboys, T-bone and cartoons (C'mon)
Motherfucker don't ask me for shit
Fuck everything you believe in, little bitch
[Hook: Kurupt]1Embed