Head, Head and More Head Lyrics
Yo, y’all ready for that 1991 - 1992 Head, Booty, and Cock thing?
But check this out, fellas. We gonna put the ladies down on this one here. It’s gonna be head, face, tongue, and more head for the ladies, alright? Yo fellas. Let’s do this
Let me hear you say “Head, head, and more head”
Head, head, and more head
All the fellas say “Head, head, and more head”
 Put my nuts in your mouth and hum
Make the dick cum
Or squirt like a water gun
I like bitches with fat lips
Smokin head make the nigga do back flips
But I got beef
For those raggedy ho’s who like to use they teeth
And stand a nigga up
Trick ho’s, you need to learn how to suck
Make a nigga cum fast
But whatever you do, bitch, don’t grab my ass
For the one’s who be frontin
Talking all the shit bout they ain’t sucking nothing
You’s a God damn lie
Behind closed doors bitch you suck a dick dry
Give a nigga the blue balls
Suck it so much because the pussy hole too small
But if the bitch ain’t sucking
Tell the ho stick a dick in her ass and keep trucking
I throw the bitch out
Cause 1992 is all about
“Head, head, and more head”
Head, head, and more head
It’s all about that “Head, head, and more head”
Head, head, and more head

Hey- mother fucker you’re looking real nasty
See you standing up against me when you pass me
Put some of this cum on your tongue
Smack your lips from my clit to my bum
Let me sit on your face and push
So the  hit you like a douche
You dirty bitch you should have been vulgar
 to bend your ass over
To dick me way down to the nitty gritty
Lick my ass like your breath smells shitty
I don’t care cause I ain’t gonna kiss you
Make me mad motherfucker I’ll diss you
Lick, lick lick it lick me dry
Don’t try to lie bitch, you ain’t shy
Come to me motherfucker stop frontin
Put your mouth on it don’t say nothing
All I wanna hear is your lips smacking
 stepping was no slacking
Put your tongue in and out then back in
You might also like
All the ladies say “Face, tongue, and more head”
Face, tongue, and more head
Let me hear you say “Face, tongue, and more head”
Face, tongue, and more head

Yo ladies check this out y’all gotta fuck them niggas up right here alright ladies, y’all down like that, ladies?
Yo, let’s do this here, right ladies?
Say “Eat my pussy and make sure you lick it bitch”
Eat my pussy and make sure you lick it bitch
All the ladies say “Eat this pussy and make sure you lick it bitch”
Eat this pussy and make sure you lick it bitch
Yo fellas I know y’all not gonna let them ho’s get away with that shit, right? Yo, fellas, let’s get these bitches, alright? Alright, y’all ready, let’s do this!
Say “Suck my dick, suck suck my dick, bitch”
Suck my dick, suck suck my dick, bitch
Let me hear you say “Suck my dick, suck suck my dick, bitch”
Suck my dick, suck suck my dick, bitch
All ho’s
Suck dick
All ho’s
Suck dick
All ho’s
Suck dick
All ho’s
Suck dick
I do damage to a throat
Long dick the face and make the bitch choke
Then she beg me to stop
Bitch suck this dick like you’re sucking on a blow pop
I like brains n’ things
Put dick in your mouth and make your jaws hang
But if you want a taste
Bitch gimme that head and I’ll fuck your face

Niggas hit me all the time
Out to slop it at the drop of a dime
I’ll push it top take it back
Once they eat it they keep coming back
I let them lick it when it’s bloody
And laugh real hard- cause it’s funny
Yo- they always call me to eat it
Niggas gotta have it fuck it I’ll feed them 

Yo- ladies I know y’all believe in that eat pussy thing like the lady just said, right?
Yo- check this out ladies we gotta get the fellas one more time before the record over with, alright ladies?
Yo ladies I want y’all to say this here
Say this here, check this out
Say, say
“On your knees motherfucker, eat until it bleeds”
On your knees motherfucker, eat until it bleeds
Say- on- your- “knees motherfucker, eat until it bleeds”
On your knees motherfucker, eat until it bleeds
Yo fellas check this out fellas
Yo- I know y’all ain’t eating no red pussy, right fellas?
Y’all ain’t eating while it’s bleeding
Yo fellas check this out let’s get these bitches back, alright?
Yo fellas, let’s do this
Say “Suck my dick and swallow the cum, bitch”
Suck my dick and swallow the cum, bitch
Say “Suck my dick and swallow the cum, bitch”

Where we gonna do it at? We gonna do it on the sink?

Yep

We gonna do it in the shower?

Yeah
Yeah, my knees shaking!

They shaking already?

(laughs)

They shaking already?

Oh, man. Please! Last time you had me on the sink- oh, man yeah my knees shaking!

Yeah?

Mhhum
We’re gonna do it everywhere!Embed