Dinner Time Lyrics[Intro]
I need somebody to talk to me tonight (Yes I will)
You remember how well you use to sing it? (Yes, sir)
Y'all know I can't sing that song
Young man looked at him and said "Why you can't sing it?" (Why?)
You know what he told him?
"Since you saw me last, something happened to me"

[Verse 1]
Time to get the facts across
Ohh, somebody pissed the pastor off
I'm all for the jokes, bundle up, get your coat
But I only go for the throat, I'm a chimney, I want the smoke
You done opened up a door, I'm petty, ready for war
I ain't got a sister, only sister I fucked was yours
I know the bars off The Program touched you
How you mad at me, though, you let Mr. Royce touch you (facts)
Do what you must do
Me, I'm getting my just due
But who you talking tough to? Blinky just snuffed you
Puff fucked you, we've seen it, no binoculars
Passed you to 50, he was finger popping ya
Then he took it back like a fly bitch that was popular
You're 42 still saying "Ain't no stopping ya"
You know my deals—liquor, movie, and flashy kicks
How you talking deals? Your last deal was '96
Your flight book it, talking about I'm crooked
Man, I don't steal; if I took something I took it
Pastor Mason, no fabrication, we're winnin'
See all these people you spinning, I'll take it to the beginning
When Corey Wright japped you, Baby Maine yapped you
Roc open-hand slapped you, you still gave him dap, too
That's when I asked you, "Murda, what's the verdict?"
You said, "Nah, chill, Cam, I feel like I deserved it"
What kind of shit is that? Nigga, you a queer
My crib in Orlando, I had that for years
The Program gave you the biz
You know exactly what this is
I got homes where you hide, I hustle where you live
Max B from my building, nigga, who you getting wavy off of?
Fugazi baby, going off that water not Avianne
Listening to Suga J, look, he gon' play you wrong
Carmelo took Lala, Meek Mill took his baby mom
And let the church talk, hallelujah
[Hook]
No, it ain't a game, I still roll with the stainless
And you know my slogan, nigga, I'll make you famous
I'll use my brain so I will leave you brainless
So where you wanna meet at, nigga?
(YOU NAME IT!)

[Interlude]
So you gon' tell me when you was staying with Puff, and I came over there and used the bathroom, it wasn’t a dildo on the sink?
I asked you, "What the fuck is going on, man?"
FACTS!

[Verse 2]
Remember when you dissed trap? You said it was the devil's work
Look at this nigga, yo—see how the devil work?
Wolves on your ass though, I told them all to pardon ya
Why you talking Harlem? You from Jacksonville, Florida
I used to give you all my clothes, don't forget you was bummy
I fed you when you was hungry, crash test, dummy
But the shit he said next, I swear it ain't funny
Said "Cam, become a deacon, them deacons be getting money"
That's blasphemous, word to Jesus and Lazarus
You got bad karma, stay away, he hazardous
Collection plate money in his pocket, he a klepto-
And to get a dollar dollar you were suckin' Creflo
2 albums, 20 years, come on, this is dead, bro
Only time they mention this nigga when it's retro
Money gone, jewelry fake, you could hear an echo
I'm what you could have been, you was too petro
I took your broad, they all know you a fraud
And the only show you got, the Lady of Soul Awards
He might be nominated, I'm your little mama favorite
Any hood I go to, I'm accommodated
What you mean I'm selling liquor now? You a jizzerk
Forgot 10 years ago I gagged out on Sizzurp
Oh Boy cologne, I was giving niggas that wizzork
I ain't even spend that Killa Season money, man, you hit dirt
You might also like[Hook]
No, it ain't a game, I still roll with the stainless
And you know my slogan, nigga, I'll make you famous
I'll use my brain so I will leave you brainless
So where you wanna meet at, nigga?
(YOU NAME IT!)3Embed