Mark of the Beast Lyrics[Verse 1: Akir]
Get ya dough, watch it go back to the people that holdin' some
Basic ancient secrets they keeping, its us they stole it from
Peter Joseph told us so, only those that seem to know can counteract the status quo, balance act, which way to go
My RFID, CID, used by the beast to track you
Yeah, charge in the car can cause an alarm
That’s part of the arm that traps you
Now, bags you check in, you go inside, you prepared to fly
Watch for scannin', you cannot hide, comfortable
(You go no matter what you done, what treats for sky)
Climbing a tree while I’m getting high
That big brother eagle start to die
No matter what degrees, they weave and devise a plan to decease, all that sees they provide
Waitin' for us to breathe out the evil inside
No need to kiss, the dream is alive
Free us from the evils of the demons outside
[Hook 1]
I blame it on the government, say it on the radio
I have a devil in my infrared scope
Every president we've ever had lied
Buck! Buck! Buck! Cause I don't give a motherfuck!

[Verse 2: Beast 1333]
Yo, the world a﻿ mess, we all lust the flesh
I won't stop till the people see success
So many beat to death, so many people left
With the mark of the beast, can't cheat the test
You bear the mark, I bear the mark
With the blood in the waters they're for sharks
Now everybody want to be quoting Marx
Less of the bite, and more of a bark
In a world of fakes, here's what it takes
Gotta have big balls, not baby grapes
At a crazy pace, let's do it face-to-face
The whole race chase waste space age sensash
With a warm embrace, they go and stab your back
It's so wack that the hacks flapjack the tracks
And when the bombs attack we gon' bomb 'em back
Whit the cold facts rap tracks catch a jax
There's no latch attached, you can't own a soul
So don't go go scroll, Po Po Patrol
Let's go toe to toe like pro dojo
Throws sold yo' soul, so don't go so slow
No need to crow, no need to flip
What we need is a change in leadership
Won't even give a﻿ chance to plead the fifth
Before the radar go from bleep to blip, bitch!
You might also like[Hook 2]
I blame it on the government, say it one the radio
And if you don’t already know
I have a devil in my infrared scope
Buck buck buck! Cause I don’t give a motherfuck!
I blame it on the government
Every president we ever had lied!
And my hand’s on the 16-shot
Semi-automatic crooked cop killing Glock!

[Verse 3: Immortal Technique]
You think I don't notice the line when you cross it?
I'm like the mind of a genius trapped in a cerebral palsy
You underestimate the hood, you think niggas is stupid
We read the country's credits, niggas know who produced it
Why the fuck you think they're pushing military recruitment?
America been platinum, and she afraid of recoupment
So when you try to close the border, and don't let us in
I'll overthrow California with 20 million Mexicans
Cubans and Chinese who came looking for freedom
Till they realized America was run by demons
And I don't mean George Bush, he was a fuckin' zero
More like the Roman emperor Nero
Who did nothing while the black slum turned to Atlantis
I mean those behind the canvas that made the mechanics
And then planned it
It sounds simple, but stupid niggas won't understand it
Until the mark of the beast has your face branded, nigga
[Hook 3]Embed