Still Got Love For You Lyrics[Production by Just Blaze]

[Intro: Beanie Sigel]
For the record y'all... uh-huh..
I know you hear me... for the record y'all..

[Verse 1: Beanie Sigel]
Dynasty album, track 16, listen, scrap
I can't take back that sixteen
Shit the truth spoke, I gotta give the world true quotes
Can you feel it? I know the truth hurts
They say, "How can he disrespect his Pop with harsh curses?"
Simple: harsh life, harsh verses
"I can't believe the mouth of this prick
He said, 'put his mouth on his dick'"
I know we gotta talk 'bout that, I know you salt 'bout that
You on the tip like I don't like you
I got four kids, three baby mothers - I'm just like you
Sometimes I want to just fight you, shit
Swing on you, think I'm playing man? I'm just like you
I was a kid with a puzzle with missing pieces
Trying to put it together dawg,, you put it together
You made me have to foot through the weather
In the storm with no raincoat
I don't only speak on me, I speak upon the kids in the same boat
Riding the same water, same situation, same fatherless daughter
I hate you, that's in your mind, don't get caught up in the rhyme
You think I dissed you now, that I don't miss you now
Don't be a hater now, be glad I made it now
I know I probably rubbed you the wrong way
But fuck what the song say, for the record, check it
[Chorus: Rell]
Still got love for you, though you left me in the cold
To face this world alone, and make it on my own
I still got love for you, but I just can't fight the pain
It's so hard not to hate, but you grow up in a way

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
I think you misunderstood me the first time...
Listen, that was my hurt in my heart talking, along with the truth
I would thirst often as a youth, 'cause of you the person
Mom's nursing self-esteem issues
Round the house it's hard to find a clean tissue, minus her tears
To rewind this time I promise I'd minus my years
To the day to take the pain away
Seemed sunny outside, always rained on Jay
Pop you my umbrella, come help your son with the weather
Soon we come together like man and man and build
Play spades, cards face up, I've come to deal
In order to get right we gotta deal with this wrong
And the pain I felt all my life you feel in the song
Your lack of warmth left a chill in the morn'
Your lack of love left me loveless, and I'm of your breath
I'm your mind, body, and soul, your heart, your flesh
Your alcohol, your smoke, it results I'm a mess
And Dad, still I love you no less Dad
Hope you didn't think success would make me less mad
But not mad, just disappointed, we wasted years
I swear to God, may you take me away from here
If you taught me anything
The one thing you taught me is to face my fears, coward
How could you let me grow without you?
Grind in this rap game, take dough without you?
Wear my Pro-Keds close to the sole without you?
Family pictures pose without you
Why?! Why shouldn't I be mad?
Monster's parents separated, Monster had his Dad
B's parents had they problems, he still came to the pad
He bought 'em new bikes, imagine what that felt like
Used to have to bump my head to go to sleep at night
Nigga you did me wrong but the love is strong
Let's move on
You might also like[Chorus: Rell]
Still got love for you, though you left me in the cold
To face this world alone, and make it on my own
I still got love for you, but I just can't fight the pain
It's so hard not to hate, but you grow up in a way
Still got love for you, though you left me in the cold
To face this world alone, and make it on my own
I still got love for you, but I just can't fight the pain
It's so hard not to hate, but you grow up in a way1Embed