Ill Vibe Lyrics[Produced by Q-Tip credited as The Ummah]

[Intro: Busta Rhymes]
Yo
Yo, yoyoyo-yoyo, yo
Yo-yo, yoyoyoyo, yo-yo
Yoyoyo, yoyo-yoyoyo
Yoyo-yo, yo-yo, yo-yo
Yoyo, yo-yo, yo

[Verse 1: Busta Rhymes]
My rhymes create life like the birds and the bees
Make Funkmaster Flex say "Yo, I'm feelin' these"
Flows make you shit in your drawers, change your dungarees
Smokin' trees, gettin' cottonmouth, wild munchies
Bounce down the block, eat food at Luigi's
Ass constipated — too much extra cheese
But anyway, while I was coolin' down at Luigi's
I met some Siamese twins from overseas, Lebanese
Lesbians with friends from New Orleans
They had a fifth friend, she was straight Black-Portuguese
Pretty palm-olive-soaped skin, Aloe Vera leaves
She looked like the type of chick you only see in fantasies
The type of chick that you'd kill for to get between the knees
Yo, I made time to chill with Miss Portuguese
Would you believe the bitch tried to steal my fuckin' house keys? Rob me for my G's
Had to show this crazy broad I mastered my degrees and my Ph.D's
Got yo' face on camera — motherfucker, say "Cheese"!
You better get with your friends quick before I start to squeeze
Gettin' caught up in that freaky gold-digger Jamborees
[Hook: Busta Rhymes | Q-Tip]
I caught that ill vibe, Tip! Word, Bus? Yo, yo, word
That ill vibe, Tip! Yo, word, Bus? Yo, yo, word (Uh)
'Cause when I'm in the place you know my shit be absurd
I caught that ill vibe, Bus! Word, Tip? Yo, yo, word
That ill vibe, Bus! Word, Tip? Yo, yo, word
So when I hold the mic you know my shit be absurd
I caught that ill vibe, Bus! Word, Tip? Yo, yo, word

[Interlude: Q-Tip]
Uh, uh, uh-uh, uh, uh, uh, uh

[Verse 2: Q-Tip]
I got weight on my shoulders in the form of this beat
Ain’t nothin' sweet on the street, for good deeds I compete
Come on complete and unique so get back in your stance
We enhance and we're playin' the whole world circumstance
So do good in your hood even though you puff lye
Positive to comply, don’t screw face and act rah
Progress, don't fall back, we can't have that
I'll hold your hand, Black, we can't wind up with scratch
I put my best foot forward when I play this life
'Cause this world is bound to get you like a double-edged knife
In the jam we regulate, 'cause we organize
Logically thinkin' with Allah's enterprise
A lot of brothers from the ghetto (Uh) got the gift of gab (Uh)
Peace to the West Coast and the East, we fab'
Oh, need I make mention that the crew we've got
Make things get hot, like the .44 shot? (Blaow)
No, we don't promote no guns but don't turn that cheek
In the world that we live kindness is viewed as weak
So we gotta stay on point for all these lizards and snakes
Some of them come as friends, some of them come as Jakes
We decipher all the frauds and build grounds with our friends
(Why's that?) So we can live right until time ends
(Yo, why's that?) Amalgamate, so we can get these ends
(Yo, true that!) Busta and Tip, you know we make minds bend
You might also like[Hook: Q-Tip | Busta Rhymes]
I caught that ill vibe, Bus! Word, Tip? Yo, yo, word (Ha)
That ill vibe, Bus! Word, Tip? Yo, yo, word (Ha)
Yo, when I hold my mic you know my shit be absurd (Yo, yo-yo)
I caught that ill vibe, Tip! Yo, word, Bus? Yo, yo, word
That ill vibe, Tip! Say word? Yo, yo, word
'Cause when I'm in the place you know my shit be absurd!
I caught that ill vibe (Ha), Bus! Word, Tip? Yo, yo, word (Ha)
That ill vibe, Bus! Word, Tip? Yo, yo, word (Ha)
Yo, when we in the jam you know the shit be absurd
I caught that wild shit, Tip! Word, Bus? Yo, yo, word
That ill vibe, Tip! Say word? Yo, yo, word!
'Cause when I'm in the place (Uh) you know my shit be absurd!4Embed