Don’t Die Lyrics[Sample: Dick Gregory]
How come...with the thousands of black cops in America...you ain't never picked up the paper, turned on the TV, or the news...and seen white folk crying...because this black cop...shot my loved one in the back of the head...cause he thought the cellphone was a gun. How come you don't see that?...You think black cops is...more spiritual? You think better qualified? Nah...They got enough sense to know that white folks ain't going to tolerate it...And the only reason they do to us what they do cause you tolerate it. Ok, I'm not telling you don't chastise these young men! But I ain't see you chastise the police!!

[Intro]
Hahahaha Real bad guy shit
Hahaha Living like a villain
Never chilling heavy influence on your chillun
Yeah!

[Verse 1]
I woke up this morning to a cop with a gun
Who told me that he looking for a nigga on the run
I thought for a second and I screwed my face
And asked them dirty pigs, “Why the fuck you in my place?”
He said “Chill or we kill, this is a warning”
Then I told him “Fuck you, where is the warrant?”
Then they got to punching and kicking and macing
Then the whole situation went Larry Davis
Thinking ’bout my lady and thinking ’bout my baby
Thinking, “Is these motherfucking pigs going crazy”
They wanna kill a nigga ’cause a nigga on his rap shit
Wanna leave me dead on a mattress, Hampton
I’m a Public Enemy because I’m Cold Lampin’
And I don’t give a fuck about a party in the Hamptons
And I don’t give a fuck about a motherfuckin' Forbes list
Far as I’m concerned, that’s a motherfuckin' whores list
[Bridge]
Motherfucker, my dad was a cop
You don’t think I know a dirty ass cop when I see one?
Shake down, take down, disrespecting-the-badge-ass-bitch!

[Verse 2]
Back to the scene going wild in the bedroom
Grab the cop’s gun left him leaking with a head wound
Second cop shot, but the bullet hit his partner
Shot him in the leg and he hit a main arter-y
Now the dirty cop’s looking at me
Talking ’bout he kill a nigga if I try to flee
Shit, I’m about to lose it, so he gon’ have to prove it
All because the government hate rap music
I’ve been labeled outlaw, renegade, villain
So was Martin King, so the system had to kill him
A nigga with an attitude, the world gotta feel him
Educated villain, Intent on living
If I gotta kill a copper just to make it out the building
That motherfucker gettin' left dead no feelings
Yelling “Fuck him” as I buck A 45 at his fillings
Trying to knock his brains through the motherfucking ceiling

[Bridge]
Hey bruh, hey bruh I'm in some trouble, OK
I gotta be gon for a minute
Just call my old man
It's real deep shit man, it's fucked up, I shot a cop
You might also like[Verse 3]
When I surface on the streets I can hear the crowd yelling
And see the neighborhood snitches pointing and telling
I’m bailing like a felon or Assata Shakur
Before the law leave me stinking like a bag of manure
Like Jeriko One in the movie ‘Strange Days’
They want a nigga dead ’cause the things that I say
Might make the youth go and pick up an AK
Tell the government “Fuck you, no way”
Like John Connor mama I be running everyday
‘Cause if I get caught it’s my life they terminate
Or stick me in a cell on Guantanamo Bay
All because a nigga won't submit and obey
I’ll be an outlaw before I ever behave
And die a free man before I live like a slave
Nothing changes, if they catch me today
“Fuck the police” is still all I gotta say7Embed