It’s a Party Lyrics[Produced by Easy Mo Bee]

[Intro: Busta Rhymes]
Right! Right! Right (Uh)! Right!
Busta Rhymes exclusive with the Zhané
Each and every day we gon' come around your way and do it our way
(Word is bond)

[Chorus: Zhané | Busta Rhymes]
It's a party (Word up, hah!)
Let's get it on tonight (Yeah-yeah, one time with the flow), that's how we flow
Gonna rock your body (Ooh-ooh, hah)
We gonna do it right (Hah)
When I step up in the party (Hah, hah, hah)
Won't you move it to the left (Hah, move it to the left)
Party people move it side to side (Oooh, hah, yeah)
I'm feelin' kind of blessed (Ooh, yes, kind of blessed, yes)
And I'm so fly (Oh, yeah, I'm so fly)
And you're so fly (Yeah, yeah, you so fly too girl, ha)
Feeling high tonight (Word up, word up)
It's a party-arty-arty-arty-ahhh (Hah, hah)
[Verse 1: Busta Rhymes]
Uhh! Let me get down, do my thing
I always bring shit that always make your ass swing (Ha)
Holding down the fort while we keep shit tight
Hit you with that bang shit that keep you live all night (Ah, ha)
Makin moves strong while we keep rockin' on (Oooh)
Now the object is survival, son, so get your hustle on (Ha)
Bust two shots (Shots, ooh) while I blow up the spot
I make it hot 'til the jam is packed to the parking lot, now
Me and my mans feel like we astronauts (Oh, yah, word up)
'Cause we so high from off that weed we got from new knots
Certified stimulation (Ha) got me open wide (Wide)
Before we slide to side we grab the stash out the ride
We on fire tonight (Ooooh), and the place is lookin steamy (Ha, ha, ha, ha!)
Baby girl, let me seek that gift that make your cake creamy
Uh! Feel the heat (Yes) circulatin' through your body
Everytime the Flipmode click step inside the part, word is bond

[Chorus: Zhané | Busta Rhymes]
It's a party (Ha, word up)
Let's get it on tonight (Right, word up, true), that's how we flow
Gonna rock your body (Hah, hah, hah, hah)
We gonna do it right (Ohhh)
The stimulation circulating (What? Ooh)
Through my mind body and soul (Hah, hah, hah, ahh, hah)
Busta Rhymes, stimuli (Hoo, right)
Making me lose control (High, aaaaaah, ahahahaha)
And I'm so fly (So fly, word is bond)
And you're so fly (We're so fly, hahaha)
Feeling high tonight (Hahahah, ayo, word up)
It's a party-arty-arty-arty-ahhh
You might also like[Verse 2: Busta Rhymes]
I got my mind made up, c'mon, you can get it, girl
Come with me (Ha) if you really with it, girl
Back to my dungeon shack (Ha), where the party is at (Word up)
Where I can tickle your nipples and your feminine fat (Ah)
I checks for you, baby, what'chu gon' do?
There's a party (Ha) at my crib designed just for me and you (Ha)
Let me let my crew know we 'bout to break out ('Bout to break out)
Spliff Star, Web, Dukwon Allah, and The Boy Scout (Ha)
My man Black Missin (What?), son whylin' with the shorty flippin' (Uh)
Stackin' papers, sippin' bubbles, good nigga livin' (Hehe)
But anyway we bout to break out in my Lands (What?)
Pursuin' our thoughts and executin' all plans
The dope shit is (Ha) that we both understand
That it's a one night stand and you ain't even thinkin' 'bout your man!
(Oooh) Oh! We (Ha) 'bout to turn on the heat again (Ha)
Don't you say a word until we finish partyin' (Oohhhh)

[Bridge: Zhané | Busta Rhymes]
Don't you know, well, that tonight (Ha, word up, ha)
Is your night? (Tonight is the night, here we go, haa)
Feelin' good when I have
A peace of mind (What up, y'all? Little piece of mind right now)
Got to set it off (Hah, ha, woooo)
And just a little bit wild (A little wild)
It's a party, -arty (Ha, it's a party, y'all, it's a party, y'all)
Aaaah, hey (It's a party, y'all, yo)
[Verse 3: Busta Rhymes]
Wel, anyway I'm back around my way
Keepin' it live you know how we do each and every day (Ha!)
Rollin' through thick with my girls, Zhané (Zhané, hee)
With the exclusive debut Hey Mr. DJ
Listen to me, baby
We put somethin' together that's gon drive you crazy
Get from our your seat and stop actin' lazy (Yeh)
Or get up out my party if you actin' shady, baby-baby, it's a party

[Chorus: Zhané | Busta Rhymes]
It's a party (Word up, ha)
Let's get it on tonight (Let's get it on tonight, y'all), that's how we flow
Gonna rock your body (Wooo, yes, yes)
Zhané and Busta Rhymes (Uh, Zhané and Busta Rhymes, haaa!)
It's a party (Wooo)
Let's get it on tonight (Let's get it on, let's get it on!), that's how we flow
Gonna rock your body (Ha, ha)
Zhané and Busta Rhymes (Do it right now, uh)
It's a party (Ha)
Let's get it on tonight (Throw your hands in the air, y'all, haaa!), that's how we flow
Gonna rock your body (Word up, ha, ha!)
Zhané and Busta Rhymes (Zhané and Busta Rhymes, exclusive)
It's a party (Haaa, word is bond)
Let's get it on tonight (Let's get it on, baby girl), that's how we flow
Gonna rock your body (Haaa, wooo, ha)
Zhané and Busta Rhymes (Let's do it right now)

[Outro: Busta Rhymes]
Keep it movin', y'all, Flipmode is the unit, y'all
You can't see what we doin', y'all
Zhané and Busta B, y'all
Yes, we rippin' the whole entire party, take it, y'all
Woooo, yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah
Forever and ever and ever and ever.....

[Snippet (removed from single and streaming versions): Busta Rhymes]
Yah-yah (Yah-yah)
(You got to—, in case it's only right you know we switch joints)
Yeah, we finn' tune in abandon shit
You know, Busta Rhymes and the band
Yo, I gotta big up my nigga, Saddam, who sing (What up, my nigga, what up?)
My nigga, Saddam, who sing (What up?), word up
Flipmode Squad in the house (Alright, y'all), we gonna do it like this (Alright, now)
Ha-ha (Ah), ha (Ah), ha-ha, ha, (Ah), ha
Can you feel me, God? (Ha) Can you feel me, star? (Ha)
Can you feel me, black (Ha) You know just who we are (Ha)
Can you feel me, God? (Ya-ha) Can you feel me, star?
Can you feel me, black? Yo-yo-yo-yo, yo (Yuh)
Yo-yo-yo-yo, yo (Yuh-yuh), Busta Rhymes rippin' (Rippin', rippin')
Niggas just be snippin' (Slippin'), slippin', people do not understand
Yo, yo-yo (Yo, yo-yo), yes, I'm gettin' now (Now)
Cracks in the ground (Ground), more and more sounds (Sounds)
Oh, oh, sh-sh-sh-shit (Shit), natural disaster (Oooh, yeah)
Yes, I got to own all my masters
Yeah (Yeah), yeah (Yeah), uh-huh (Hoo), yes, I'm havin' fun
Packin' all my guns, niggas can not see (Seeeee)
Seeeeeeee, yo-yo-yo-yo, yo (Yo-yo)
Can you feel me, God? (God) Can you feel me, star? (Star)
Can you feel me, black (Yuh-yuh) You know just who we are (Haa)
Can you feel me—?, yo-yo-yo-yo, yo (Yo-yo-yo)
Yo-yo-yo-yo, yo (Yo)
Ayo, Saddam Hussein, cut that shit off!
We gon' get into them tunes a little later on the album or somethin'
Chill—3Embed