I Go Off Lyrics[Intro: 50 Cent]
I'll give you something to talk about
Come around me fronting I'll air you out, I go off

[Verse 1]
I don't shoot shit off dog I gun it down
Walk up on niggas and run 'em down
Pull a stock out that K throw a hundred rounds
Won't stop 'til your box lowered underground
Put you in the urn, your bones will burn
The rap guerilla the wack rap ringtone killer
I'm here, to find a nigga equally realer it's rare
You can meet me in the square if you dare to come near
I have no morals, just a whole lotta piss
And a dick for you, bullets and a clip for you
This the ignorance at least it looks that way
When you witness it kill at witnesses
Bury the hatchet, matter of fact bury the casket
Kill niggas bury the ratchet
Pick it back up if I have to, I used to bump niggas
And pump niggas out for the practice
The shit starter, the shit finisher, I don't know what's harder
When they release ya or when they sentence ya
The realness, back like I promised
Ready to dig a nigga shit like a colonic, I go off
[Hook: 50 Cent]
I know it's them again from last time remember them
They can't believe we back up in the club
Because you sippin on that Henny and my bitch will get the semi
And you fuck with me I'm gon' let it off
I go off! Off in this bitch like it's legal
A nigga move around with the Eagle
I go off! We say you get it if we don't believe you
This is 50 Cent and Beanie Sigel, I go off

[Verse 2]
Big Pop, of the prop on deck
Versace or LV's on the specks
My Gucc Los light up the ground when I step
Look beat it, the kid ain't mine I contest
I suggest, you aim above neck
The vest cover the chest the pine cover the Heck-
-ler and Koch, I don't rock for the cops
Horse with the stick in the hands of the jock
Everyday gear that I wear on the block
Can you picture me rolling? (Can you see clear like Pac?)
Who shot ya!? Who want beef with Big Poppa
Feel a thousand deaths when I drop ya
I feel for you like Chaka Khan I'm the don
Make niggas talk through the wire like Kan
A trip to the morgue turn a duck to a dime
You can catch me on my shit, stuck to a grind
On a mission, tryna turn a buck outta dime
Or in the kitchen, tryna turn a fuck outta nine
Nigga listen, I earned every buck that was mine
I ain't never cry over a fuckin dime don't make me go off
You might also like[Hook: 50 Cent]
I know it's them again from last time remember them
They can't believe we back up in the club
Because you sippin on that Henny and my bitch will get the semi
And you fuck with me I'm gon' let it off
I go off! Off in this bitch like it's legal
A nigga move around with the Eagle
I go off! We say you get it if we don't believe you
This is 50 Cent and Beanie Sigel, I go off

[Verse 3]
First gear pop the clutch
Second gear throw it up, third gear I'm on stuck
Fourth gear I'm at Twelve O'Clock
I know I probably get it in, twelve a block
But it's price to low some I'm scared to cop
Guns a blow, and I ain't scared to pop
I know niggas upstate doin life in the box
I know niggas upstate doin life with they pops
It's the bully whether you like it or not
The chain cool but you don't look right in a watch
So give it up smooth, yeah or the rifle'll pop
We'll get you some shoes, probably look nice in the box
Flow smooth, light on my feet like Heav D
Money Earnin all day but I ain't from Mount V
Just threw a bell on the scale of the tree
I don't know make 'em two hundred every pea
Without rap I could double on a D
Shitt, make it snow in a blizzard like Jeez
You don't know a noone 'nother like Sige
You don't really wanna see me in the streets don't make me go off
[Hook: 50 Cent]
I know it's them again from last time remember them
They can't believe we back up in the club
Because you sippin on that Henny and my bitch will get the semi
And you fuck with me I'm gon' let it off
I go off! Off in this bitch like it's legal
A nigga move around with the Eagle
I go off! We say you get it if we don't believe you
This is 50 Cent and Beanie Sigel, I go off

[Outro: 50 Cent]
I'll give you something to talk about, I go off
Come around me fronting I'll air you out, I go off

YEAH!!!! YOU CHANGED MAN!!!!!
YOU LET THE MONEY CHANGE YOU JAY!!!
YOU USED TO BE, FROM MARCY NIGGA!!!!
NOW YOU A PASS THE GREY POUPON ASS NIGGA!!!
YOU DON'T WAN'T THE SHOOTERS!!!! I'LL TAKE 'EM!!!
NIGGA YOU FEED THE WOLVES AND THE WOLVES FEED OFF YOU!!!
EAT YOU ASS ALIVE! I LIVE BY CONRAD'S CREED, STRATEGY!
YOUR MOVE NIGGA!!!!Embed