Pimpology Lyrics[Intro:]
Pretty Tony: That nigga wanted the honey, all we wants is the money
Y'know, all bitches are the same, just like my hoes. I keep em' broke. Wake up one morning with some money, they subject to go crazy y'know

[Verse 1:]
I'm going to tell you a story in stereo
About the pimping game, that you should know
But if you don't, it's alright
Cause I'll be spittin' this game to you all damn night
When I was 3 years old
Straight pimp game I was told
My daddy sent me to a pimp school
In this man's world, you can't be no fool
If a pimp is what you wanna be
You're gonna have to learn pimpology
Pimpology: a pimp's profession
Can't be affected by the Great Depression.
So if you want to be giant sized
Come to my school. Get pimpmotized
In your school, what do they teach?
English, math, and history
Pimpin' game, you can learn
And if you do, you will earn
A pimp diploma, just for you
For learning what you're taught when you come to school
Lesson 1, you should know:
Never love a bitch or a ho
Lesson 2 tells you to do only one thing:
Act cool
Lesson 3:
Breaking a bitch. If she's poor, if she's rich
If your game is soft or hard
It shouldn't take long to break the broad
Lesson 4:
Keep your ho. It's the most important thing to know
Cause I pimp or die bitch. I'm like the Mack:
Riding around Oakland in a Cadillac
But on the other hand, if you just can't pimp
And the hoes keep treating you like a simp
I don't know what to say about you boys
You better go to the store and buy some toys
Cause you can't play this game
[Interlude:]
Pretty Tony: Next time you hear grown folks talking, shut the fuck up, y'hear?

[Verse 2:]
Now you heard my story in stereo
About the pimpin' game, that you should know
But if you don't, it's alright
Cause I'll be spittin' this shit to ya all damn night
It don't stop
I'm Short Dog, ain't nothing nice
I never rap fake when I'm on the mic
I ride around town in a clean ass Benz
Never ever frontin' on my cool ass friends
My zodiac sign is of Taurus the bull
I drink Olde English, and I do get full
If you're wondering why I don't stop my rap
Cause other MC's can't rock like that
My music flows like dominoes
I pimp these hoes, that's how it goes
Bitches on my beeper all day and night
I'm a motherfuckin' player, homeboy, that's right
O-A-K-L-A-N-D:
That's where I reign, top dog MC
Too Short, baby, on the microphone
I work motels. I don't take freaks home
Man, they start trippin' when they think your rich
Met her yesterday, now she's my bitch
It's not hard to believe. But that's how it goes
I'm burning rubber on these hoes like vogues
Check out my style, baby don't stop
If you can't call me Short, just call me Dog
Black is my color, I have no other, nothing else will do
I've got a black car, black bed, black TV
I've even got a silk black suit
Dangerous music, and the Dangerous Crew
Oakland California, and Playboy too
West coast rapping all over the place
Too Short, baby, all in your face
I rap so hard...you can't stop me
My last album sold a million copies
Me and the maestro, laying the beat
DJ scratches from my homeboy Pee
Dangerous music is what you hear
A new LP every year
You know we rolling, can't be faking
We come through and all your girls we're taking
You know we're rolling. Don't do no simpin'
Oaktown players strictly pimpin'
Bitch, my name is Short. Just what you've been looking for
Sending young tenders on a wild goose chase
Up in the hills, trying to find my place
Getting lost, getting tossed, getting found and clowned
Every time you see Short baby, you get down
Cause the raps I make are the raps you like
The way Sir Too Short rocks the mic
It's a one of a kind rapping style
Have the freaks in the crowd, going wild
For when I spit my rhyme, what's my tip?
Bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch make me rich
You might also like[Outro:]
Goldie: It was $35,000
Slim: $35,000 cash money?
Goldie: No. I get 1. $35,000 plus 1, right?
Slim: The one I gave you?
Goldie: No, I gave you 6 alright. I had 1. Now $35,000 plus 6, right? Now $35,000 plus 1, plus 6 makes 7. $35,000 plus 7, right? Muthafucka, can you buy that?Embed