Hope I Don’t Go Back Lyrics[Intro: E-40 & Otis & Shug]
Hoppin' over barbed wire fences, nigga, I had this one broad, right?
She was so damn sprung, she used to hold my motherfuckin'
Motherfuckin' sack, nigga
Thought you thought, nigga (Ooh)
In a motherfuckin', VHS, uh, motherfuckin', canister (In a what? Ooh-ooh-ooh)
Nigga, yeah, ayy (Yeah)
I promise you, nigga, this game been so damn good (Said this rap game's been good to me)
Hard times (But I dunno how long that's gon' be, yeah)

[Chorus: Otis & Shug, E-40]
I hope I don't go back to slangin' yayo (Don't wanna go)
Slangin' yayo (Slangin' what?) to get my mail (Oh no)
I hope I don't go back to slangin' yayo (Don't wanna go back)
Slangin' yayo (Slangin' what?) to get my mail (To get it, oh no)
[Verse 1]
Been a hustler since birth, mama sellin' dinners for the church (Church)
Red-handed, caught me stealin' money out her purse
Got branded (Branded), permanent whip scars on my back (Ooh)
'Cause I used to get beat with racing car tracks (Tracks, ooh)
But now me got wealth, holdin' a conference call on my hands free car telephone
Lookin' like I'm talkin' to myself, shootin' the breeze, cuttin' it up real tough-like
Choppin' it up like true businessmen (Man), talkin' about, "By the way
B, what we do this week on SoundScan?"
If I ain't in Japan, I'm in the Valley (Valley, ooh)
Or maybe next door in Gary Payton bowling alley (Ooh)
Or maybe at the shootin' range, me and Banks (Banks)
Or on the golf course (Ooh), with Merton Hanks (Merton Hanks, ooh)
Goin' back in the sun, give me my propers (Propers)
With a beat that's out of this world, lookin' down on doctors (Ahh)
Sippin' on Port, watchin my kids play basketball in the backyard
On a forty by sixty-three foot long sports court (What?), biatch!

[Chorus: Otis & Shug, E-40]
I hope I don't go back to slangin' yayo (Huh?)
Slangin' yayo (Slangin' what?) to get my mail (Ooh)
I hope I don't go back to slangin' yayo (Slangin' what?)
Slangin' yayo (What else?) to get my mail (Biatch!)

[Verse 2]
Built a spot up in the wilderness, coyotes and wild boars, DuPont Registry
Aluminum pool table made strictly for outdoors
Twenty inch chrome slippers, Bravas on my 'Ville, feelin' that everybody ain't able
To be blessed with a successful-ass independent record label (Record label), check it out
Marbles (Marbles), I got the game from my Uncle Saint Charles (Uh, Saint Charles)
Used to bank across the street at Wells Fargos (Wells Fargo's)
But now it's Merrill Lynch (Merrill Lynch)
And just think, I used to sit the bench (Bi-biatch!)
I remember gettin' chased by the cops
Had to get my stomach pumped, swallowed a quarter ounce of rocks (Rocks)
Late afternoon (Uh), po-po waitin' for me outside of Vallejo Kaiser Permanente emergency room with Glocks
Ready to Rodney King me to death (Uh)
Somehow I managed to make my escape through the back of the cafeteria by the vending machine department quickly
Found myself runnin' through the Friendship Apartment Complex
Over there by the railroad tracks, around the corner from the People's Continuation High School
Somewhere off in Lofas, behind Jenai's Liquor, ooh (Biatch!)
You might also like[Chorus: Otis & Shug, E-40]
I hope I don't go back to slangin' yayo (Check it out, check it out, check it out, ooh)
Slangin' yayo (Check it out, check it) to get my mail (Check it out)
I hope I don't go back to slangin' yayo (I don't want to)
Slangin' yayo (Slang yayo) to get my mail (To get my mail, check it out)

[Verse 3]
Dope game been gone
Now it's either white-collared crimes  or hookin' up phones
"Charlie Hustle, I got a few mathematics (Charlie Hustle)
I'm doing a compilation, should I go with Phunky Phat Graph-X?" (Phat Graph-X?)
I tell 'em, "Hell yeah, that's a done deal, dude and them off the hinges
Dude and them did my cover and my bus benches (Bus benches)
Game orien-fested, worldwide (Ooh-ooh) Sick-Wid-It shit
Independent chips, biatch!

[Interlude]
Ayy, see, ayy
I'ma tell you, nigga, that's the thing about this whole thing that jump off
It's a fool, 'cause a motherfucker take his bloody money, right?
And then he sit up there and he look— and he say
"Hold on mayne, hold on mayne"
A motherfucker— you know what I'm sayin'?
You can either be at this shit, or you can be gone with this shit
And you look at it then you say, "Man hold on, let me translate this shit
Let me translate into some marbles, let me liquidate my motherfuckin' reven-elles"
You understand what I say? 40 Water and them, you understand?
Ay, ay, but look, check this out, I'm here to sprinkle motherfuckers, lace they tennis shoes
Teach 'em about the motherfuckin' game orien-fested situations that goes down in the motherfuckin'—
Motherfuckin' soil's weople-ations
I ain't bullshittin', nigga
[Chorus: Otis & Shug, E-40]
I hope I don't go back to slangin' yayo (I ain't bullshittin')
Slangin' yayo to get my mail (I ain't bullshittin', nigga)

[Outro: Otis & Shug, E-40]
It's too many jealous brothas in this game
I can't stand to see it, yeah, I gotta get mine, yeah
I hope I don't go back to slangin' yayo (Get my money on)
Slangin' yayo (Ohh-ohh) to get my mail Oh, get my money on
Hey, yeah, don't wanna go
Don't wanna go (Don't wanna go)
Don't wanna go back, back to the game (To get your mail)
Hey, yeah (Biatch!)Embed