Wu Banga 101 Lyrics[Verse 1: GZA]
Yo, too advanced, Digi' stance, made the CD enhanced
I move with the speed and strength of ants
Identical in form with the Bees they swarm
Hold up, the cold current appear warm
My first verbal brawl, started on some yes yes y'all
To the beat y'all, break your windshield, your jeep stall
Mr. Traffic, dumbin' shit, from ecclesiastic
Cashier, holdin' out, fine, cut off the plastic
See the logo? A monument in Hip Hop
Carved out, in the giant landscape, of broken rocks
Whether heard in herb spots, jukebox or malt shops
Uncut live, drop eighty-five, in one shot
Spotlight hits the metal mic, majority stare
Heard the Wu snare, while my iris cut down the glare
Walk a road the great length you find too long to measure
My Clan'll make me rhyme like D. Banner under pressure
No surprise, double disc touched five
Those elements, kept environments colonized
With the high flyin' death-defyin' flow like the Rebel
Right there, but you're one light year, from my level
[Verse 2: Ghostface Killah]
Uh-huh.. yeah.. yo.. check it.. yo..
Bottles goin' off in the church, we broke the wine
Slapped the pastor, didn't know Pop had asthma
He pulled out his blue bible, change fell out his coat
Three condoms, two dice, one bag of dope
Oooh! Rev. ain't right, his church ain't right
Deacon is a pimp, tell by his ice
Mrs. Parks said, "Brother Starks, meet you at the numbers spot
Heard you got red tops out, and I want a lot"
Shirley fainted dead on the spot
Two ushers slipped eighty dollars right out the pot
Oh shit!

[Verse 3: Raekwon]
Egyptian, brown skin brown suede Timbs
Masqueradin' X-rated throw blades, all occasions
Round nozzle touchdown, Haagen-Dazs goggles White House
Gucci flag on the roof, call us rock groups
Mere intelligent, buy Neiman Marcus out
No doubt, all we saw he bought, Lori mom's all blow
Was simple, blamp instrumentals run camps the stamps get you
The way we lamp, fans come and get you
Play, fullback strapped like a fuck, war at
The black, Carlo Gambino's stash house in Hackensack
Pack capsules, Green Bay 'em lay 'em down like wax do
It's all actual we build, like Crash Crew
Coconut, incense, one sentence, aiyyo
Control the holy flinch hit this, new whips
Roman numerals, sun splash them niggas like, Tango and Cash
Alcatraz cats roll out fast..
You might also like[Verse 4: Cappadonna]
Wu thousand nuthin' but hardcore
We tryin to get land riches and more
Ghost put me on to it
We just do it, floss or whatever
Take care of the business, there's too many roughnecks
Give two of these to Flex, tell him it's real rap like Ghost
Had to beat niggas with toast
'Cause we got clientele, we lay it down flat
Pulled out on y'all kid, now where your mans at?
Fakin' the real like, "Damn I can't stand Cappa'"
Then my wardrobe flooded the next chapter
Y'all heard about us like we heard about you
Bless the mic with reality, hit you with the virtue
Calm down not tryin' to hurt you, burst through
Fat shit, fatter than all y'all nigga’s outfits
We the glitch like Y2K
Catch the ball when it drop, guns pop, y'all have a nice day

"Doctor Kanabuta, Iron Man, he is invincible
His remarkable armor is supreme!"

[Verse 5: Masta Killa]
Yo, sometimes I'm liable to spaz and break fool
Grab my gun, select one, snatch son
Put the barrel by his face, blast one by his eardrum
Piss run, you drop thinkin' you're shot
Screamin' like a bitch, kicks to your face
Shots to the body that shake like the bass
I'm Ghostfaced up, military style down
Nuff ammunitions of rounds across the chest
[Verse  6: Ghostface Killah]
Skip to the intro, rap through post
Smashed a fresh ball of wax Caesar
Flashy penthouse that overlooks the vista
Wally Moc' half tied, swimmin' trunks
Three chunks of ice sit in Johnny Walker for advice
Catch the moment, fundraiser at will, work with the homeless
Polish diamond edge, Flintstone shit, sealed in a comb pick
Carefully, swing the B seven series Christmas lights
Too bright, Ghost is comin' y'all fix the mirrors
Relax like pudding, confidence strangle my man couldn't
Exile he no longer in the hood
Bless the kid that max the most
Me I turn a wedding into hoax
Roses tied to bombs on posts
On commercial breaks, piss in the apple juice
Rasta nigga rock the big do's
Jiffy Pop it's only chant Wu6Embed