Ready for Whatever Lyrics
Hate the price of fame 'cause it cost too much (Uh-yeah, boy)
Lame niggas, these niggas talk too much (Uh-yeah)
I'm ready for whatever, somebody better tell 'em (Uh-yeah, boy)
I said, "I'm ready for whatever," hey, hey (Yeah)

Even though my head in the clouds, I'm planted on the pavement
How I'm walking 'round, people staring at amazement
I play a lot of games on where I be, and I ain't playing with it
They so judgmental, maybe they don't understand:
If your life was in jeopardy e'ryday, is you telling me
You wouldn't need weaponry, just because of your felony?
Consider this, at least: I got e'rybody sweating me
On the streets, it's people who won't rest unless I rest in peace
Killed my folk a year ago; still, in my sleep, they threaten me
Paranoia stressing me; ain't nobody protecting me
I'm dealing with the pressure from my partner dying next to me
Think 'cause no one's arrested, they coming for me eventually
This was all the things I was going through mentally
This could be the reason I ignored the penitentiary
Not mentioning New Orleans niggas coming in the city
Killing all summer long, ain't nobody pay attention
Now, is it that hard to understand if you listen?
Either die or go to jail—that's a hell of a decision
But I'm wrong, and I know it; my excuse's unimportant
I'm just tryna let you know that I ain't think I had a choice, for real

I had straps in my ride (Ride), gotta go to prison (Prison)
You waiting on me to die, you gon' be waiting for a minute (Yeah)
Boy, I'm ready for whatever (Whatever), somebody better tell 'em (Tell 'em)
I be here when the smoke clears and everything settles, for real
Can't afford the price of fame, 'cause it cost too much (Too much)
Plus, these sucker niggas lame, and they talk too much
Yeah, that's why I'm ready for whatever, somebody better tell 'em (Tell 'em)
I be here when the smoke clears and everything settles

For real (For real)
For real (For real)
(Yeah, I know what you thinking)
Ayy, for real (I'm for real)
Yuh, I say, "When e'rything settles, for real" (For real)
("First Michael Vick, now this, huh?")
Ayy, ayy, for real (Ayy, for real)
(Naw, not exactly)
Ayy, ayy, ayy, for real (Ayy, for real)
(I tell you how this shit went down for real, dog)
I say, "When e'rything settles, for real"
You might also like
I'm a man, I ain't perfect—I admit it: I'm guilty
But understand; feel me (Yuh): I was riding filthy
'Cause niggas out there plotting (Plotting), to rob me and kill me (Yuh)
Five hundred thousand every year spent on security (Hey)
My future was bright, but now, it's gettin blurry
'Cause niggas in a hurry to find me and bury me
But surely, God'll deliver me up out it
I'm a fighter to the heart; I forever be about it
I'm a father to my sons (Sons), asset to my community
Look, all that I done: My good outweigh the negativity
Ayy, mentally, I was focused on not letting history repeat itself
That’s why heat was kept in the vicinity
(Yes, officially, I broke the law, but not maliciously)
Through all of the publicity, was anyone considering
My position and the logic hid in my decision? (Ayy)
But they caught me with it, now I'm off to prison, period (Bye)

But is it that hard to understand if you listen?
Either die or go to jail—that's a hell of a decision
But I'm wrong, and I know it; my excuse's unimportant
I'm just tryna let you know that I ain't think I had a choice, for real

I had straps in my ride (Ride), gotta go to prison (Prison)
You waiting on me to die, you gon' be waiting for a minute (Yeah)
Boy, I'm ready for whatever (Whatever), somebody better tell 'em (Tell 'em)
I be here when the smoke clears and everything settles, for real
Can't afford the price of fame, 'cause it cost too much (Too much)
Plus, these sucker niggas lame, and they talk too much
Yeah, that's why I'm ready for whatever, somebody better tell 'em (Tell 'em)
I be here when the smoke clears and everything settles
For real
For real (For real)
Ayy, for real (I'm for real)
Yuh, I say, "When e'rything settles, for real" (For real)
Ayy, ayy, for real
Ayy, yuh, ayy, for real (I be here)
Yuh, I say, "When e'rything settles for real" (For real)
For real (For real)
For real (For real)
Ayy, for real (For real)
I say, "When e'rything settles, for real" (For real)
Ayy, for real (Ayy, for real)
Ayy, for real (I be here)
I say, "When e'rything settles, for real"

Ayy, I said listen, homeboy. You can talk all you want, mayne, you know what I'm saying? Everybody talk to the King, you know what I'm sayin? Everybody's entitled to an opinion, you know what I'm sayin? They like yesterdays, everybody got one
But the fact of the matter remains: if you ain't walk a mile in my shoes and you ain't lived a day in my life, you ain't survive the shit I done survived, you ain't had to deal with the shit I had to deal with, homeboy—you can't muhfuckin' judge me, partner
I mean, look at folk like Sean Taylor. You know what they said?
They said, had he had a strap, he'da lived today. You know what I'm sayin?
Now, true enough, I was dead wrong, I broke the law, I deserve to be punished. I understand that, aight? Cool. But listen, man, I got a house full of kids, a mama, and an old lady, whose life is my responsibility. You dig that?
Now, for all of y'all who think I was just ridin' around on some dumb shit: you know I'm smarter than you man! You know I'm smarter than you dawg! Ay, if you think I was just being stupid, shawty, I got some muhfuckin' oceanfront property in Idaho for sale, homie. If you believe that, I got a bridge in Brooklyn I wanna sell you, partner
Ay, man, real talk: In order to understand my train of thoughts, you have to put yourself in my position. You can't expect me to think like you, 'cause my life ain't like yours, you know what I'm sayin?
If you don't understand that, you don't understand English. I'm done talking5Embed