My Turn Lyrics[Intro]
Psssh.. it's my turn, y'knahmean?
Get this motherfuckin money y'know?
Shit..
Yeah I went double, y'know?
Niggas is goin' triple-five-ten platinum
Can't do what I do
This is my game, this is me
(T. Squaders) Y'know?

[Chorus]
Yo it's my turn, I demand my respect
Give me my burn, or get slammed in your neck
'Cause it's my turn, I'mma reach to the top
Gimme my burn, I'mma speak with the Glock
'Cause it's my turn, don't make me turn your wig
Gimme my burn, don't make me burn yo' crib
I'mma rhyme it right, and keep the ghetto in a trance
But when the time is right, me and the devil gon' dance
[Verse 1]
Fuck you and yours, make way I'm comin' through the door
And screw the law, breakin' the rules ain't nothin' new at all
I'm true to all the shit that I done, check the clip in my gun
Respect the clique that I'm from, or get lifted or somethin'
Dunn, you just a small fry, fuckin' with the fall guy
Big Pun, the Honorable, all rise
Sky's the limit, nothin' less if my guys is in it
For the right price, even Christ could get it
Fast life we live it, all my memories are vivid
I remember only minutes, that's how I mentally get rid of all the enemies
The spirits that definitely mimic my every melody
And lyric which so heavenly rhythmic
In magic do I build, but math do be equally compatible
And secretively battle you to reach my peak in equilateral
I'm from the streets deep in the barrio ain't no Mario Brothers
Official Bronx niggas, quick to body yo' mother (ouch)

[Chorus]
Yo it's my turn, I demand my respect
Give me my burn, or get slammed in your neck
'Cause it's my turn, I'mma reach to the top
Gimme my burn, I'mma speak with the Glock
'Cause it's my turn, don't make me turn your wig
Gimme my burn, don't make me burn yo' crib
I'mma rhyme it right, and keep the ghetto in a trance
But when the time is right, me and the devil gon' dance
You might also like[Verse 2]
Jesus H. Christ, how many times I gotta pay the price?
You scared of death I'll make you twice as afraid of life
I bring sight to the game for every night you complained
You couldn't see the light, I was bright in your brain
Ignitin' the flame, keepin' your third lit
Speak and observe with the mind
What are blind sleep til they worth shit
I'm earth wind and fire, the first one to fire
Reppin T. Squad since birth 'til I retire
I wire your jaw, wire the walls with plastique explosives
And riot the halls at the malls where all the crackers moms live
Keep flappin yo' gibs and I'mma come back with those kids
From the back of the bridge
I think two hand touch means tackle the bitch
I rap for the chips, but I'm truly assassin
Four hundred pounds, six feet tall, brutally handsome
That's the pro, got beef with Pun, you gots to go
Mafia style, tear you a new ass-a-hole
Flash your dough, but you too cool for the captain
'Cause I don't give a fuck if I was quadruply platinum
And to the 50 Cent rapper, very funny, get your nut off
'Cause in real life, you don't know
I'll blow your motherfuckin' head off (ooh yeah)

[Outro]
That's my motherfuckin word, you understand?
Thought we was a fuckin' joke? Shit
Terror Squad nigga, you don't know me
You don't know my name, don't say it, you understand?
Told you before I ain't no motherfuckin' rapper understand?
Shit, I don't make no songs about rappers I don't like
If I'mma make a song it's gon' be how I beat yo' motherfuckin ass understand? That'll be the name of the motherfucker
"That's Why I Had to Beat Your Motherfuckin Ass"
Featuring Tony Sunshine
T. Squaders, T. Squaders, T. Squaders
[Chorus]
And it's my turn, I demand my respect
Give me my burn, or get slammed in your neck
'Cause it's my turn, I'mma reach to the top
Gimme my burn, I'mma speak with the Glock
'Cause it's my turn, don't make me turn your wig
Gimme my burn, don't make me burn yo' crib
I'mma rhyme it right, and keep the ghetto in a trance
But when the time is right, me and the devil gon' dance5Embed