She’s Mine, Pt. 2 Lyrics[Intro]
Catch me, don't you
Catch me, don't you
Catch me, I've fallen in love for the first time

[Bridge]
For you I drop the tough guy shit, on this bus I sit
Thinking 'bout you, thinking 'bout you
Thinking 'bout you, thinking 'bout you
Thinking 'bout you, thinking 'bout you
Thinking 'bout you, thinking 'bout you
Damn it feel good to have you
Damn it feel good to have you
Damn it feel good to have you
Damn it feel good to have you
[Verse 1]
Needin' me, wantin' me, givin' me a chance to feel special
To somebody in a world where they not lovin' me
Handcuffs keep huggin' the, wrists of my niggas
And I wish stuff was different here
But if I had a magic wand to make the evil disappear
That means that there would be no Santa Claus no more
To bring you Christmas cheer
'Cause what he represents is really greed
And the need to purchase shit from corporations
That make a killin' because they feed
On the wallets of the poor who be knockin' on they door
Every Black Friday just to get some shit they can't afford
Even with the discount, write a check, that shit bounce
But as long as we got credit, it don't matter, the amount
We just swipin' shit here, we don't love, we just likin' shit here
What's that smell? Where's your diaper shit here?
Lay on your back, don't pee right now
Or else I'll have to get you back
One day when you gon' want to get your way
Yeah I'll have fun with that
Reminisce when you came out the womb
Tears of joy I think filled up the room
You are now the reason that I fight
I ain't never did nothing this right in my whole life
Got me thinking...
You might also like[Bridge]
Am I worthy of this gift?
Am I strong enough to lift? (Am I strong enough to lift?)
Into a place that I can see (Into a place that I can see)
Someone more important than me? (Someone more important than me?)
Am I worthy of this gift? (Am I worthy of this gift?)
Am I strong enough to lift (Am I strong enough to lift)
Into a place that I can see (Into a place that I can see)
Someone more important than me? (Someone more important than me?)

[Verse 2]
Ib gon' ask me how I did this shit
I'm gon' do a humble stunt act like I meant this shit
Thats the ego taking credit for what God made
Fuck this album shit, hey mama look what God made
(She's mine) Catch me, don't you
(She's mine) Catch me, don't you
(She's mine) Catch me
I've fallen in love for the first time
I wanna cry, and I ain't even tryna fight it
Don't wanna die, 'cause now you're here
And I just wanna be right by your side
On any night that you be cryin', baby
I dry your eyes, I dry your eyes

[Outro]
There is a God, it is a God
Yeah, it is a God
I never felt so alive
I never felt so alive
I never felt so alive
(I never felt so alive)
I never felt so alive
(I never felt so alive)
Catch me, don't you—
Catch me, don't you—
Catch me, I've fallen in love for the first time55Embed