One More Drink Lyrics[Verse 1: Ludacris]
It was Friday night and I was feeling aight (Yup!)
Downtown Atlanta, big city, bright lights
Mixing Henny with the Sprite while I'm drinking and driving
No police lights (Lights), no police sirens
I'm headed to the club, looking for a freak (Freak)
To spread a little love, and spread a couple cheeks (Cheeks)
Pull up to the spot 26's like BAM!
Eyes on me like, "Bitch, do you see him?"
Strolled through the front door, headed to the VIP (VIP)
Bought a couple bottles and I took a couple sips (Sips)
Scoping out the room, and what do I see?
A nice round butt, and a pair of double-Ds
So I crept up, like, "Shawty, what's hatnin'?"
You killing that dress and I love it with a passion"
Then she turned around and her face was aight
She had a gap tooth and a mean overbite
But I was like, "Hmm..."
[Hook: T-Pain]
Yeah, yeah
If I take one more drink (Drink)
I'm gon' end up fucking you
Is that what you wanna do, shawty?
If I take one more drink
I'm gon' end up fucking you
You too, ooh, ooh, ooooh

[Verse 2: Ludacris]
Woke up the next morning and all I can remember (What?)
Was taking shots and tippin the bartender
Surrendered to the woman, end up bringing me home
'Cause she started looking better every shot of Patrón, yup!
I jumped up with a devilish grin
'Cause tonight, damn right I might do it again
So I called up the homies (What up?) Let's ride
We can hit the sports bar over on the south side (Aight)
Get a couple of Coronas, couple of limes (Yup)
Went up to the bar and saw a couple of dimes (Woo!)
So I, slowly walked up and said, "Hi!
My name's Ludacris and I'm a hell of a guy
One said "I know who you are, I'm your number-one fan" (Woo!)
"And right now, it's too bad I got a man"
And I said, "I understand" (I understand)
"But where the hell is he at?
'Cause in a minute, if he don't show up, then man...
You might also like[Hook: T-Pain & Ludacris]
Yeah, yeah
If I take one more drink (Drink)
I'm gon' end up fucking you
Is that what you wanna do, shawty?
If I take one more drink
I'm gon' end up fucking you (Uh-huh)
You too, ooh, ooh, ooooh
Ayy, Pain, holla at 'em right quick, man

[Bridge: T-Pain, Ludacris, & Both]
Yeah, you gon' get in trouble with yo' man, girl
Don't get in trouble, girl!
Talking 'bout how you're my biggest fan, girl
I know it! I know it!
Now I don't wanna do (Please!)
What you gon' make me do
Don't make me do it! Don't make me do it!
But I-I...
If I have one more drink—

[Verse 3: Ludacris]
—I'ma get ya home, then I'll split ya
Grab the cameraphone and take a bunch of drunk pictures
'Cause Hennessy mixed with a whole bunch of buddah (Yup!)
Equals you mixed with a whole bunch of Luda (Haha!)
And you know how far one drink could go
Start slurring my speech, slowing up the flow
Hiking up your skirts, climbing up your shirts
It's Mr. Late Night Luda, and I like to flirt
So guess what, baby girl!
[Hook: T-Pain & Ludacris]
Yeah, yeah
If I take one more drink (Drink)
I'm gon' end up fucking you (Just one more!)
Is that what you wanna do, shawty?
That's all it's gon' take!
If I take one more drink (Hey!)
I'm gon' end up fucking you
Haha! Who else, T-Pain?
You too, ooh, ooh, ooooh

[Outro: Ludacris]
Hahaha!
You hear what I'm saying?
People too picky these days, dammit!
"Too tall, too short, too fat, too skinny"
Have a couple of drinks and quit discriminating
This has been a Luda Service Announcement
Deuces!
Hahahaha5Embed