Down and Out Lyrics[Produced by Kanye West and Brian Miller]

[Intro: Cam'ron & Kanye West]
Ugh, Killa!
Baby!
Kanye, this that 1970s Heron flow, huh?
Yeah, let's speed it up
Ugh, I'm back in, ugh, ugh
They don't know we finna kill the game this year
Killa! 'Ye! C'mon!
[Verse 1: Cam'ron]
Ayo, street mergers, I legislated; the nerve, I never hated
On murders, premeditated—absurd! I hesitated
Observe: cock and spray, hit you from a block away
Drinking sake on a Suzuki; we in Osaka Bay
Playing soccer, stupid, stay in a sucker's place
Pluck your ace, take your girl, fuck her face
She dealing with Killa, so you love her taste
She swallowing Killa 'cause she love the taste
I got brought up with crooking, kitchen orders that I'm cooking
But got caught up with the juxes
You would've thought I was from Brooklyn
It gets boring just looking
Did like Bill Cosby, pouring in the pudding
Now, the dashboard is wooden from a hard-tangled grammar
Interior, inferior; Star-Spangled Banner
Car game bananas, mob manning tanners
Guns everywhere, like the car came with hammers, he's back

[Chorus: Kanye West & (Syleena Johnson)]
They trying to say he (I'm down, down)
I hear niggas saying he (I'm down, but not out)
But our flow is the truest (Oh), the game's in the nooses (No no)
Our girls is the models (Oh), they coochies the juiciest (Ooooh)
Yeah, they say he (I'm down, down)
Yeah, they say he (I'm down, but not out)
'Cause I'm back on my grind (Oh), money back on my mind (No no)
Ye and Killa Cam, the world is mine (Oooh)
You might also like[Verse 2: Cam'ron]
I treat bitches straight up, like Simon Says
Open vagina; put your legs behind your head
Cop me Air Ones, hon, lime and red
You got pets? Me too: mines are dead, doggy
Fox, minks, gators, that's necessary
Accessories, my closet's Pet Sematary
I get approached by animal activists
I live in a zoo, I run scandals with savages
All my niggas get together to gather loot
Bodyguard for what? Dog, I'd rather shoot
I go to war, old Timbs, battered boots
Hand grenade, goggles and a parachute
Y'all don't even know the name of my flip
It was "Touch Me, Tease Me" when Case was the shit
You don't know bout the cases I get:
Court case, briefcase, suitcase, cases of Cris', oww!

[Chorus: Kanye West & (Syleena Johnson)]
They trying to say he (I'm down, down)
I hear niggas saying he (I'm down, but not out)
But our flow is the truest (Oh), the game's in the nooses (No no)
Our girls is the models (Oh), they coochies the juiciest (Ooooh)
Yeah, they say he (I'm down, down)
Yeah, they say he (I'm down, but not out)
'Cause I'm back on my grind (Oh), money back on my mind (No no)
Ye and Killa Cam, the world is mine (Oooh)
[Verse 3: Cam'ron]
Ugh, Killa, yo, yo, ayo—
You dealing with some sure shit, my bitches pure thick
Play razor tag, slice your face, you're it!
It's I who come by, drive-thru
Gator-toed Mauri, three quarters, sky-blue
Look at mami: eyes blue, 5'2''
I approached her—"Hi, boo, how you?
Pony skin Louie? Oh, you fly too
You a stewardess? Good, ma—I fly too"
Now, a nigga got baking to bake
Harlem shake? Nah, I'm in Harlem shaking the weight
Shaking to bake, shaking the Jakes
Kill you, shoot the funeral up and Harlem Shake at your wake
Just your picture, though; you still taped in a lake
I'm laughing; you couldn't wait to escape
For anyone who owed the dough, I had to load the four
I hope a nigga heard when I said "I told you so"
Ugh, Killa!

[Chorus: Kanye West & (Syleena Johnson)]
They trying to say he (I'm down, down)
I hear niggas saying he (I'm down, but not out)
But our flow is the truest (Oh), the game's in the nooses (No no)
Our girls is the models (Oh), they coochies the juiciest (Ooooh)
Yeah, they say he (I'm down, down)
Yeah, they say he (I'm down, but not out)
'Cause I'm back on my grind (Oh), money back on my mind (No no)
Ye and Killa Cam, the world is mine (Oooh)

[Outro: Cam'ron]
Mine! Killa!
You already know Harlem
Whole Midwest, Detroit, Naptown, St. Louis
Chicago, of course
Westside, holla at me
Southside, wild hundreds
You know what it is, Ohio
Columbus, holla at your boy
You know what else I do:
Dayton, Youngstown, Cleveland, Cincinnati12Embed