Adoration of the Magi Lyrics

You're so smart, you're like, a contemporary museum of art
That farts, that's harsh, narcissism, on narcotics
On sharp objects in large pockets
At dark, you ain't gotta hide it, keep it, "Metal Gear Solid"
Lead the leaders, that's how you file it, then clobber it
Low on energy, find peach cobbler then gobble it, yeah
It's food in them drums and boxes
If you beat 'em up then they'll drop it
And they'll rapidly flicker till they disappear
Blinking gradually quickens 'til they isn't here
And that's da da da da da da da da da da...
Just to be back in, reincarnated, exact twin
Exact ten, exact twelve
Ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba (Exact self)
Do I really gotta say it? Didn't we all play it?
Dojo, Abobo, over shoulder throw, polo
Billy, Jimmy, even on the low low
Why you ready to die? You just a baby
Why them tears up under your eyes? You just a baby
Keep your head up in the sky, you just a baby
Quit chasing money, never mind, you just a baby
These Magi adore you, Adoration of the Magi
These Magi adore you
Why you wanna be born again? You just a baby
Why you playing in the streets? You just a baby

Now let's vogue (Vogue) mountain pose (Pose)
Downward facing dog (Pose) warrior pose (Pose)
Tree pose, bridge pose (Pose, pose)
Triangle pose, seated twist (Pose, pose)
Upward facing dog (Pose, pose) pigeon pose
In this bitch, that's vulgar, that's yoga
Let's try it again with clothes, and closer, enclosure, exposures
Quiet is kept like Rosicrucian meet Cosa Nostras on Oprah's sofa
With both controllers watchin' Gazans and Ashkenazis ride roller coasters
Say yeah, yeah, lots of options, now up is down, two player
Now A is jump and B is punch, you seein' somethin' that wasn't there
To find friendliness in a nemesis, it's a old test
Three buttons, see somethin', that's emphasis on Genesis, oh yeah
Why you ready to die? You just a baby
Why them tears up under your eyes? You just a baby
Keep your head up in the sky, you just a baby
Quit chasing money, never mind, you just a baby
These Magi adore you, Adoration of the Magi
These Magi adore you
Why you wanna be born again? You just a baby
Why you playing in the streets? You just a baby
You might also like
Can't be eyes closed when you side scroll
You not the first person
The first person from your first curse until your first cursive
And your curse words is in the curve version
It occurs virgin is the word version
That refers perfect to the first person
In the third verse, who's really me
In the third person but prefers the first one
That's me, again
Master cleanse in a syringe
From a gerber until your first burger
Pamper to her depends
Everything between is just drawers
Even in between is no loss
Even where the king is no boss
Meet it with a swing it's so south, yeah
Unless you Bamm Bamm
Knocking them pitches into the grand stands
In the club, watching the women just do them handstands
Like you a man's man
That's washing down a ham with the Zam Zam
Who got a baby in here with these strippers?
She's two weeks pregnant
Didn't even know, he's dancing with her, damn...
Why you ready to die? You just a baby
Why them tears up under your eyes? You just a baby
Keep your head up in the sky, you just a baby
Quit chasing money, never mind, you just a baby
These Magi adore you, Adoration of the Magi
These Magi adore you
Why you wanna be born again? You just a baby
Why you playing in the streets? You just a baby128Embed