For the Love Lyrics[Intro]
Would you do it for the love?
Would you do it for the love?

[Verse 1]
Could've left a long time ago, fuck it where I’ma go?
A brother back in the house couldn’t let Obama go
Do it cause you love it nigga, advice from my momma go
Those that just follow green, be the first kind to go
Being broke ain’t a joke, I’m too comical
Seven digits nigga, 2 commas ho
Make your first million and don’t make it your last
Don’t come if you ain’t ready, don’t try to make it too fast
You can’t learn shit, if you never make it to class
You can’t just recycle what should be placed in the trash
I started wanted more money, and a Stacey dash
A car that cost a house and a place to crash
Pull the hammer like a camera; you don’t wanna face the flash
Cause you’ll lose one of your sons and it’s no replacing Nash
Bet the faces you show be the same faces you stash
There’s more where that came from, y'all know where I came from
It’s all about that boy that call me papi
So I’m a keep making that paper copy
You squares could never stop me, that triangles to play me
Two lines for you fuck boys, now pause that, play me
Right from where I left off that, let’s get back to that real shit
That sit back just chill shit. With packs of that kill shit
I chit chat bout trill shit, spit that hot feel shit
I give you four bars it’ll be a Kit Kat of some real shit
Who fucking with me? I mean besides your bitch
I Deebo your ho, you niggas should hide your bitch
Like the chain red’s grandmomma gave him
I got a thing for women, I like them misbehaving
You know like bad, mike bad
So I’ma check’em when I see’em Nik(e) AD
Cause in this life things come and go like fads
And I’m not one who favors using words like had
I’m into having shit, turning dreams to average shit
Bring your trophy to the club, Dallas Maverick shit
Niceeee
I came from first of the month money
To waking up whenever I want money
Niceee
I chase paper, I hunt money
Make 50 racks at 3pm and call it lunch money
Niceeee
Nigga ya stunt money is blunt money
Your boo only got a text back once from me
And that was “What the fuck you want from me?”
But I know what the fuck she want from me, yeah
[Bridge]
You ain’t gotta front for me
I know, I know what you want from me
I know, I know we all want the money
It’s only right we getting to it
Question I come to you with is...

[Hook]
Would you do it for the love?
Would you do it for the love?
Would you do it for the love?
Would you do it for the love?
Would you do it for the love?
Would you do it for the love?
Would you do it for the love?
Would you do it for the love?You might also like1Embed