The Bitch In Yoo (Ice Cube Diss) Lyrics[Sonny Carson Sample]
That's right He got - I got to take him off of here. That's right. I gotta take him off of here. 'Cause there's only one, and that's me, you understand? 'Fore all of that fightin', you understand? The sucker think he good, the sucker think he can whoop me. And I knew he can't whoop me, huh? Hey, boy, the nigga whole style is chump, you understand? When it comes to me, you understand?

[Intro]
For your nation, yeah (8x)
One two, yeah
Coming through, yeah
Fa' sho'
Ha, Com Sense, yeah
Southside, yeah
Niggas be outside, yeah
Now bust it out, Chi-Town
[Verse 1]
A bitch nigga with an attitude named Cube
Stepped to the Com with a feud
Now what the fuck I look like dissing a whole coast?
You ain't made shit dope since AmeriKKKa's Most
Wanted deceased from the Midwest to the East
On the dick of the East for your first release
Your lease is up at the crib, house niggas get evicted
In videos with white boys talking you get wicked
Natural born killa, nigga you natural born God
Read, rich, got the nerve to say you rob
Hyprocrite, I'm filling out your death certificate
Slinging bean pies and St Ide's in the same sentence
Shoulda repented on the 16th of October
Get some beats besides George Clinton to rock over
Rap career is over, better off acting
What trouble I see in managing WC and Wack 10?
You backed into a four corner hustla
Lying on your dick, said you was fuckin her
Use higher learning, don't take my words out of 'text
Went from gangsta to Islam to the dick of Das EFX
It'll take the nation of millions to hold me back
From giving you mouth shots or hit with the pipe that Ralph got
Chris Tucker ain't around, it's your Friday, it was good
I wasn't salty, she was with the Boyz N the Hood
You might also like[Chorus]
I see the bitch in you when you don't speak your mind
The bitch in you, looking me in my eyes lying
I see the bitch in you, to be hard, you trying
The bitch in you it's coming out (BITCH!)

[Verse 2]
The ump of this rap shit, Cube, I'm calling out
I break in and smack niggas that's in the Slaughterhouse
This ain't no East Coast, West Coast, none of the above
I'm from Chi, I went to Cali (and what?) niggas gave me love
There's a thin line between the fake and the real
Grafted-ass nigga, I see through your "Glass Shield"
Had skills once upon a time on this project, yo
I'm a have to wreck a HO'Shea
I heard a ho say you her favorite rapper
(So what?) so I had to slap her, uh
And violate you (you), a Muslim drinking brew (brew)
Your nigga ain't no Mack 10, he's a 22
I seen you (Mack 10), you ain't say shit in ATL
Cube, I like that diamond charm, I might cuff it, then sell-
It out, like you sold Kam and Threat
A year ago, you wasn't talking shit about the West
Guess you knew your shit was done plus the one got you cable
Hoo-bangin'? You ain't banging shit but the table
And the Circle MAAD ain't got no choice but to fight
Ain't none of y'all motherfuckers got a chance on the mic
Any time you come out, joe, I'ma talk about you
Until you let that bitch in you walk up out you
Any last words before I hit the switch?
From the immortal words of one: "a bitch iz a..."
[Chorus]
I see the bitch in you when you don't speak your mind
The bitch in you, looking me in my eyes lying
I see the bitch in you, simply hard, you trying
The bitch in you, for sho', it's coming out (BITCH!)

[Outro]
That's how the Eastside gets down, word up!33Embed