Lil Nigga Snupe Lyrics[Intro]
R.I.P. to my lil' nigga Snupe (Rest in peace to a real nigga)
Yeah
We the realest niggas in this shit
Reporting live out of Philly
Young nigga loved popping bad bitches and wheelies
And I'm talking all this money, now these niggas can't feel me
Money long, team strong so these niggas can't kill me, ah

[Verse 1]
I get a rush from this lifestyle
Solid gold presidential with the ice dial
When the chasers in the building turn the lights down
'Cause every single nigga with me gon' be iced out
Glock 40, living life wild
I go to court for probation and looking like trial
The DA told me she want a nigga but right now
I'm living better than ever, I'm thinkin' like, "How?"
Is it the money? Is it the cars?
Is it the way a nigga living that took me this far?
But still they want me with the sins and give me them bars
They lock a nigga in the dark I still look like a star
I shine, I grind harder, I'm working my mind smarter
I take care of my grandmama, mama, my ma's daughter
They telling me I ain't shit, I made it for my father
I just hope you pray for me, matter fact sing for me
[Chorus]
Lil' Snupe, they killed my lil' nigga Snupe
My lil' nigga was the truth
And all he wanted was a coupe, all he wanted was a coupe
So what's a nigga 'sposed to do?
Tell 'em put the guns down or tell these lil' niggas shoot?
'Cause they'll do the same to me, do the same shit to you
And all these niggas in my roof, that's why I got a bulletproof

[Verse 2]
And as I'm rolling through my city, nigga, all I see is murder
Ain't nobody seen it but shit everybody heard it
And ain't nobody hiring so everybody serving
And all this gunfire and shit everybody murkin', better get a strap
Young niggas selling 'caine just to get it back
And they busting out them things 'til they sitting back
And if a nigga hit my homie, we gon' hit him back
And if you send him over here, know we gon' send him back
My flow iller, I came up from dope dealing
I been sayin' I'd make it, they telling me no
Nigga these voices all in my head just telling me go get it
I came up on four wheelers, bananas and gorillas
Through the jungle where killers rumble and everyone perishing
Realest nigga in it no comparison
And they got the nerve to tell me that I'm arrogant
But what the fuck, I'm young black, I made it in America
So I'ma ball harder than the mahfucking Carters
Beyoncé and Shawn, arm bluer than their daughter
Maneuver through the water like a shark that's on a dolphin
Nigga darker in a coffin, Devil on him, get 'em off, hah
I can look at your homies and tell you foul, dawg
Leaning with your left but you still a southpaw
Be the same niggas that'll take you out, dawg
Leaving niggas hungry but you eating Mr. Chow's, dawg?
Where the love at? Where the love at?
I'd give up all this money to get lil' cuz back
Just for my nigga, go starving, like, "Where the grub at?"
Give up the fame, start over and get my buzz back
Do it again, murder his killer, him and his friend
Put the arena, step on the stage, kill him again
Look at the stands, the fans coming, filling them in
To give my nigga a chance, see him winning again
You might also like[Chorus]
Snupe! They killed my lil' nigga Snupe
My lil' nigga was the truth
And all he wanted was a coupe, all he wanted was a coupe
So what's a nigga 'sposed to do?
Tell 'em put the guns down or tell these lil' nigga shoot?
Cause they'll do the same to me, do the same shit to you
And all these niggas in my roof, that's why I got a bulletproof

[Outro]
Real nigga for life!
Real nigga for life!
Real nigga for life!
They killed my lil' nigga Snupe!
Killed my lil' nigga Snupe91Embed