How Ya Like Me Now Lyrics"All aboard for the night train"

[Verse 1]
I throw my tape on then, I watch ya
Three seconds later, I got ya
Shakin' your head, dancin' instead of sittin'
The rhymes kick, the beats hittin' you
Just like a home run, slammin' like a slam dunk
Riding the wave that James Brown gave funk
It happened to James like it happened to me
How you think I feel to see another MC get paid
Usin' my rap style
And I'm playin' the background meanwhile
I ain't with that, you can't forget that
You took my style, I'm takin' it back
Comin' back, like "Return of the Jedi"
Sucker MC's in the place that said I
Could only rock rhymes and only rock crowds
But never rock records, how ya like me now?
[Chorus]
How ya like me now?
How ya like me now?

[Verse 2]
Now brothers are riding me like a pony
I'm no phony, I'm the only real mic-aroni
Playin' the mic like it's supposed to be played
New jacks, you all shoulda stayed
Out of the business, what is this
Amateur night at the Apollo?
Get off this stage, I'm in a rage
I'm like a lion that's been trapped inside a cage
I'm the real king, rap is a jungle
I never understood, how could one go
To a party, watch me, stand around and jock me
Become a rapper, then try to rock me
Schemin' like a demon, you're screamin' and dreamin'
I'm from the old school, I used to see men
Die for less, but I'm not living that way
I'll let my mic do the talkin'
And let the music play

[Chorus]
How ya like me now?
You might also like[Verse 3]
Rap is an art and I'm like Picasso
But of course, why else would you try so
Hard to paint a picture, and try to get ya
Self in my shoes, but they won't fit ya
I'm bigger and better, forget about deffer
Every time I rocked the mic, I left a
Stain in your brain that will remain
Stuck in the back of your brain till you see me
Again, respect, I come correct
The rhymes I select are nothing short of perfect
Vernacular's pure and I can ensure
Life or death with my breath, my voice is a cure
I heal life from the words I spread
I'll make a sick man rock on his death bed
Sucker MC's, I'll make your girl say, "Ow"
And she's jockin', now how ya like me now?

[Chorus]
How ya like me now?
How ya like me now?

[Verse 4]
It irked my nerve when I heard
A sucker rapper that I know I'll serve
Run around town sayin' he is the best
Is that a test? I'm not impressed
Get real, you're nothing but a toy
Don't ya know that I'll serve that boy?
Just like a waiter, hit 'em with a plate of
These fresh rhymes and
Make sure that he pay the bill
And leave him standin' still
When he's had enough, hit him with a refill
And for dessert it won't be no ice cream
I'm just gonna shatter and splatter his pipe dreams
Make him feel the wrath, beat him down, and laugh
And when I finish, then I'm gonna ask him
"Who is the best?" And if he don't say, "Moe Dee"
I'll take my whip and make him call himself Toby
Whip him good, then I'll make him sweat
Always talkin' about battles and never had a battle yet
But if we ever did, how could you beat me?
You're so petrified, you're scared to even meet me
My word's the law, that's why you don't beef
You're nothing but a punk, track star, and a thief
So I'm puttin' you on punishment, just like a child
Never touch another mic, how ya like me now?
[Chorus]
How ya like me now?

[Verse 5]
I could continue, there's more on the menu
But I'll relax 'cause I'm so far in you
You had enough, I know you're overstuffed
And if I keep going, you'll be throwin' up
Old rhymes I used to say way back in the day
When you used to come to my parties and pay
Nobody's ever gonna rock me and this I vow
So all I wanna say is how ya like me now?

[Chorus]
How ya like me now?
How ya like me now?
How ya like me now?1Embed