See Me Lyrics
This, this, this, this one of them ones
Yeah, Tech N9ne!
Turn me up a little bit more, Ben, so I can rock this the right way, brother
If you got 20/20 vision
You can see Nina handling this music with precision
If not, then it's fine with me
Just know this movement is vivid enough for the blind to see, Yates

How in the hell can you miss me
When I'm counting my mil' making hist'ry
Trip the splits be that 50/50
So we rip the script swiftly and zip through chips quickly
When the trash, mail and pizza man see me
They get a fever and cheesy when they see the man Neezy
I'm easily beast and my hand is in my belt
What? I'm independent and I'm feeling myself
A flunk I won't be
I bumps the trunks see
The ladies pop the monkey and drop the donkey
They want to flaunt me
My songs be funky
Steady getting that cheddar forever
But some people acting like they don't see
I'm top dog, something like a CEO
I'm calling shots, call it Don Julio
But they don't really see me though
But they don't really see me though
All night, life like a video
Prime time, something like a Super Bowl
But they don't really see me though

With contact lenses say he don't smoke
I'm rolling up and let the contact get him
He even choked
My approach was to never to be broke
Kept my real niggas close
Now the player turned to coach
I hear people saying why so many changes?
Why so many watches? Why so many chains?
I'm mixing Kush with all these different strains
Riding in my Porsche listening to Purple Rain
So much knowledge I came up on, you just a Hollywood insider
The inside of my crib look like a gym
Speaking of gym, I'm in the game, you're just a bench rider
You ride the bench that mean you ain't playing
You understand, hella fans
Bunch of hands, hundred grands that's the plan
Wizzle Man!
You might also like
I'm top dog, something like a CEO
I'm calling shots, call it Don Julio
But they don't really see me though
But they don't really see me though
All night, life like a video
Prime time, something like a Super Bowl
But they don't really see me though

I'm truly blessed
I do request for all of you people to listen
I do see checks and movie sets
And never been a stranger to vixens
Pick up the pen, its in my gut to win
I got a motive and I’m in it with a mission
You know what I'mma get it when I dip into it
I've been through it, I've been a fighter with a vision
You can cover your eye, brother but why?
Cause your lady just discovered that my
Big rubber defies your lover blubber
So you utter replies with a tougher disguise
Cause my payday done caught the nose of your lady
I'm at the beginning of my hay-day
Y'all better Wrekonize like ¡Mayday!
I don't know why jokers just won't let their eyes notice
Deep in my vocals they keep yelling that I'm doper
And i'll choke ya if your lips deny flow
So just buy jokes
You know couldn't see me with bi-focals
I'm top dog, something like a CEO
I'm calling shots, call it Don Julio
But they don't really see me though
But they don't really see me though
All night, life like a video
Prime time, something like a Super Bowl
But they don't really see me though

Earth!
Priest... monsignor... bishop... archbishop... cardinal... pope12Embed