In the Morning Lyrics[Verse 1: J. Cole]
Baby, you summertime fine
I let you get on top, I be the underline, I'm
Tryna get beside you like the number nine, dime
You fine as hell
I guess I met you for a reason, only time can tell
But well, I'm wonderin' what type of shit you wantin'
Do you like the finer things or you a simple woman?
Would you drink with a nigga? Do you smoke weed?
Don't be ashamed, it ain't no thing, I used to blow trees
Gettin' lifted, I quit but shit, I might get high with you
It's only fittin' 'cause I'm lookin' super fly with you
A flower, you are powerful, you do somethin' to me
'Cause girl, I caught the vibe like you threw somethin' to me
So I threw 'em back, now all my niggas hollerin', “Who was that?”
“Oh boy, she bad nigga, what you 'bout to do with that?”
I'm finna take you home, just sip a little Patron
Now we zonin', baby you so fine
[Chorus: J. Cole]
And can I hit it in the mornin'?
Can I hit it in the mornin'?
And can I hit it in the mornin'?
The Sun risin' while you moanin'
And can I hit it in the mornin'?
Can I hit it in the mornin'?
And can I hit it in the mornin'?
The Sun risin' while you moanin'

[Verse 2: Drake]
Uh, baby, you wintertime cold
The night is still young, drink that dinner wine slow
I'm tryna make the goosebumps on your inner thigh show
I'll let you beat me there as far as finish lines go
Yeah, and if you gotta leave for work
I'll be right here in the same bed that you left me in
I love thick women 'cause my aunt she rode equestrian
I used to go to the stables and get them kids to bet me
And I would always ride the stallions whenever she let me
I'm jokin', I mean that thing is pokin'
I mean you kinda like that girl that's in the US Open
I mean I got this hidden agenda that you provokin'
I got bath water that you can soak in, things I could do with lotion
Don't need a towel, we could dry off in the covers
And when you think you like it, I promise you gonna love it
Yeah, when lights comin' through the drapes and we both yawnin'
I roll over and ask if I can hit it in the mornin'
You might also like[Chorus: Drake]
Yeah, can I hit it in the mornin'?
Yeah, can I hit it in the mornin'?
Yeah, the Sun risin' while you moanin', baby
Can I hit it in the mornin', uh?
Can I hit it in the mornin', yeah?
Can I hit it in the mornin'?
The Sun risin' while you moanin'

[Verse 3: J. Cole]
Hey, God bless the child that can hold his own
God bless the woman that can hold Patron
God bless her homegirl that drove us home
No strings attached like a cordless phone
You see my intentions with you was clear
I'm learnin' not to judge a woman by the shit that she wear
Therefore you shouldn't judge a nigga off the shit that you hear
Get all defensive, apprehensive, all because my career
To be fair, I know we barely know each other and yeah
Somehow I wound up in your bed so where we headed from here?
Just say you're scared if you're scared
But if you through frontin', we can do somethin'
And you know just what I'm talkin' about
Tomorrow you'll be callin' out
'Cause tonight we gettin' right into the wee morn'
Cook a nigga breakfast after sex is like a reward
Then I go my own way, you think about me all day
That's just a warnin'
[Chorus: J. Cole]
And can I hit it in the mornin'?
Can I hit it in the mornin'?
Can I hit it in the mornin'?
The Sun risin' while you moanin'
Can I hit it in the mornin'?
Can I hit it in the mornin'?
And can I hit it in the mornin'?
The Sun risin' while you moanin', yeah100Embed