Welcome Home Lyrics[Kurupt]
Make the temperature rise, the temperature rise
We cap to ride, cap to homicide
It's instrumental, heat is in the dead of the winter
In the heart of the cold we re-structure your soul
It's Dat Nigga Daz (Kurupt we don't give a fuck
Like nigga whattup?) Dat Nigga Daz and Kurupt
It's fatal fire blaze, Sherm with a perm
Super superb, wiggle like a worm let it burn
I pull up, on the corner store, what a sunny day
Sunny Cali-for-ni-a, the G way display
How to scrape the flo' proper-like, hit the cylinders
And scrape the flo' proper-like, stop at the light
Pull up then drive to the right
It's so good to be back home homey where the feeling is right
Chorus: Latoya

Welcome home... into L.A
Where the tippy roll around... and the gangsters play
It's been too long... just to seen you come around
Now we can have a good time...
Just watch your back, when you're comin through this town

(L.A., L.A., L-L-L.A., L.A.)

[Kurupt]
Zone on roam and Romeo's rome
Nigga home sweet home, chromes, battlezones
World wars -- boys and girls, girls and whores
Eighty-seven Chevy with switches galore
Impala bounce, at the ice cream parlor blaze an ounce
To ounce, dice game break and it counts
Kick in nigga before we gotta kick in nigga shoot
And whip out the shank and start stickin niggas
Get jacked for prior burnings, we jack for Higher Learning
No concerning, is life worth living or learning
We jack for other turnings, we keep the burners burning
Witn no concerning, is life worth living or earning
First I park nigga, then spark nigga
Go from Martin Luther King to Leimert Park nigga
We G nigga, we don't give a fuck, Daz and Kurupt
Here, tell your kids - kids, grow the fuck up
You might also likeChorus

[Kurupt]
Dippin and hittin switches I'mma hop, don't do shit but hop
Pan-cake, let the fo' drop, nigga hop
Stop, pull out your pistol then pop
Hit em two times til he drop when I hop
Up and down the street bounce rock
Ragtop is history in California, the bounce rock hop
Roller skate nigga watch a gangster take niggas
Take off, break niggas down, break niggas trample and shake niggas
Over turf, earthquake niggas
Move to the side, we ride, you ever see a G glide
Slide, motivate the crowd, a thirty-eight Macleod
Forever boom sound with one single round

Chorus 2X

[Latoya] Welcome home (L.A., L.A., L-L-L.A., L.A.)
[Latoya] Welcome home (L.A., L.A., L-L-L.A., L.A.)
[Latoya] Welcome home (L.A., L.A., L-L-L.A., L.A.)
[Latoya] Welcome home... into L.A
(L.A., L.A., L-L-L.A., L.A.)Embed