We Run N.Y. Lyrics

Hahahahahahaaaaa
 Watch out!
Geyeeah! As we take a journey to the darkside
 Watch out!
From Hell and beyond, the knotty-headed nigga era has triumphed
 Watch out!
A new era! If you don't know, your bitch ass better
 Watch out!
Ask somebody! Shoot em up!
 The Hurricane G is live and in color
 Watch out!
 We run you motherfuckers!
 The Funk Doctor Spot coming live and in color
 Watch out!
 We run you motherfuckers!
 Puffin mad spliffs, so fuck a bitch
And a nigga, cause niggas, and bitches ain't shit!
Hahahahahahaaaa! Dr. Trevis
 Watch out!
Is in the motherfuckin house
With a couple of sick patients for your bitch ass
 Watch out!
Yeahhh!

The Hurricane G is the ultimate funk, pop the trunk
(Hoo-hah!! Wild like Shaolin monks)
Representin', comin' out of Brooklyn, Flatbush
You wuss, you can't push push in the bush
Well uh, let's take a journey to hell and beyond
Where the bomb grows on palms, and bags labeled Cheech and Chong
The Jimi Hendrix of rap, I got an afro and
Bandana, then I rock jams like Santana
I move MC's like niggas move keys uptown
Red and Hurricane G, SO HOW YOU LIKE US NOW?!!?!
You might also likeChorus: repeat 4X
 Watch out! We run New York
Yeah

(Hurricane G hit em one time)
From the Brook, taught how to trick by the real gangsta crooks
So I hook back what you took!
I take my funk and my religion serious
Sanctify y'all and leave y'all house niggas delirious
(hahahahaa) cause I'm furious!
How dare you motherFUCKERS, forget about the ultimate
Funk, BITTTTTCH nigga!
I got your wicked witch with a switch
Motherfucker, fuck you and your crew!
So what nigga, is it you wanna do?
In ninety-fo' I kick the wicked for the bitches
For the real trick deez who can dig it
Cause after pop thought all that, Hurricane stay fat
Word to my big dick boriquas in the back
The queen of the East coast, funk gangsta pack buddha
On the rhyme since eighty-nine
It's all in your mind, but what's yours is mines
Your dough and your hoes Bump N Grind to my rhymes
Now! It ain't a nigga who could hang
Or pop yang, about a motherfuckin th-a-a-a-ang
And uh, fuck any bitch who can't hang
I'm representin bitches universal!
It go, one for the biz, on the bizness
Which y'all blesses with God's blessings, do you see?
Hurricane and Redman original steel
Latin Queens in the house!!
So nigga swing it over here on these big fat tits!!
(Titties, hahahahahaa)
The Funk Doctor Spot, blast up on your block
I'm walkin through the sewer with manure on my socks
Your style, I freaked it when I was a child
So you talkin that baby talk like, Who's Talkin Now?
Verbally I crush, brains erupt
Blow your focus, like you sniffin angel dust
Run of the mill I'm not, watch me kill a cock-sucker
And cause ruckus, like them L.O.D. motherfuckers
Every verse every word I preach
Represents the East, long as the human eyes can see
Gimme that funk funk funk funk funk funk funk funk beat!
I light a blunt for niggas up in Sing-Sing
I do it to death, style is funk that's fresh
Remove your vest, you just won the wet t-shirt contest
And I'm hotter, than the Globetrotters in the Bahamas
I got a pair of pajamas made out of ganjah and almonds
Eager, as a nigga wantin my shit to dub
Cause my shit be BANGIN like the Crips and Bloods
Troop, I flew the coop like Big Bird in Timb boots
I Skywalk the planet like my code name was Luke
From the darkside, I'm from the darkside Pah
I'm Above the Law like Steven Seagal
Motherfucker!!

 Watch out!
Hahahaha, we take you to the darkside
Come travel
 Watch out!
On our metaphoric futuristic type shit
As we blow your brains like spliffs
 Watch out!
Dr. Trevis is outta here
For the nine-fo' you stank... bitch
 Watch out!
Yeahh
 Watch out!Embed