The Art of Story Tellin’ Lyrics[Verse 1]
Bruh you heard about our lil nigga?
Naw what happened to our lil nigga?
They got a homie in Chinese cater and turned his car into a cheese grater
How long ago did this happen ?
About a hour and a half ago . where did they take him to?
The queen of the valley hospital.
What did the perpitraitors look like ?
A bunch of mop heads
Mop heads?
Yeah,some niggas with some dreads
Who told you this ?
This brawd
How the fuck she know she saw it?
Now I ain't the one to gossip but I'mma keep it solid , I think she why he got it
Now now the fact ain't been provin but I think that nigga was goosin
Who?
The perpitraitor my nigga I think that nigga was goosin too. Well where the brawd at?
She cut she probably gone for days, she was in the car with him but she didn't get hit she only got a graze
A graze? you mean to tell that bitch only got a flesh wound , while my nigga up there brain dead, layin up in the I.C.U room . now was these some clown niggas, or some really ready to get down niggas ? where them niggas at, what side of town I'mma spit they crown nigga
[Chorus]
Dont even look over there . act like we ain't trippin . next few days , partners came up missin . x2
The art of storytellin( the art of storytellin ) . x4

[Verse 2]
What you think we ought to do?
We gotta out think them niggas. You see it take a fool, to catch a fool. Anybody got any pictures ?
Go to they myspace page, bet you one of 'em rap. I can almost guarantee you'll find a flick with the rest of 'em in the back
Every since I received the disturbing news every since I ain't been sober we gotta react right now my nigga we can't wait for this shit to blow over
Well I been doin a little bit of homework and I know this brawd that know his cousin and his cousin know this dude and he on the Belushi, and he be mixin that shit with the pay-pay and dude be around the way-way and it just so happen she know where the nigga that pulled the trigger stay lay , his head at be hindin his yolla and keepin his fuckin bread at (his bread at), His broccoli, his okra, his greens, his guns and lead at (lead at)
Well let 'em know that we got muscle, let 'em know that we not weak ..... go to they spots everyday for a week
Man we in the middle of a damn drought, punkin them niggas out 7 62's and 2 23's showin 'em what we about

(Chorus]
Dont even look over there . act like we ain't trippin . next few days , partners came up missin . x2
The art of storytellin( the art of storytellin ) . x4You might also likeEmbed