Who’s There? Lyrics[Guru]
These distraught thoughts of a single mother in a homeless shelter
About pain and heartache, ain't nothing you can tell her
The case worker says that she should find a job
But does this worker know what kind of jobs that there are?
Degrading things like cleaning up people's vomit
For a little bit of dough, and plus your brain gets nothing from it
I'm smarter than that this girl thinks to herself
I'm worth more than that, she thinks to herself
She pours a drink for herself while she stares out the window
This guy says he got work for her, maybe she should go to him yo
The money's good, and plus he'll dress her up nice
She left her baby's daddy cuz he beat her up twice
She don't really like sex
But she hates welfare checks
And where there's money, that's where she thinks there's respect
And what's this girl's purpose? Will she self-destruct?
When this sisters about to go down, who's there to help her up?
[Chorus - Les Nubians]
Qui prendra soin de moi, quand dans mon coeur il fait trop froid
Quand dans la nuit je traîne ma peine;
Dans l'indifférence générale, je taille ma route
Qui prendra soin de moi, quand je serai au plus bas
Qui me dira lève la tête
Tu vaux mieux que ça. Who’s there? Who’s there ?

[Guru]
These distraught thoughts of a young man in a rooming house
This messed up life, this poverty, he could do without
But what options does he have when all hope is gone?
A brother gotta eat, plus all the Henny and all the smoke is gone
All it takes is one quick stick
Gotta fill his belly now, which vic should he pick?
He does his dirt all by his lonely, forget his homies
He doesn't fell like splitting any loot, them suckas be acting phony
So much potential but all gone to waste
Now he lurks in night, with a loaded gun on his waist
Too late for this lost soul, his life's in a chokehold
Mentality is weak, and doing crime is all he knows
Never caring who he hurts, as long as he's taking money
Forget an education, and legal ways of making money
And what's this kid's purpose? Will he self-destruct?
When a brother's about to go down, who's there to help him up?
You might also like[Chorus - Les Nubians]

[Guru]
Who's there for my people on the streets? (Who's there? Who's there?)
Who's there for my people who got nothing to eat? (Who's there? Who's there?)
They build more prisons, and close down schools
Who's there to teach the children the golden rules?(Who's there? Who's there?)
Who's there for my people in the streets?(Who's there? Who's there?)
Who's there for my people who got nothing to eat?(Who's there? Who's there?)
They break our family, neglect the elderly
Who's there to bring a cure? Where's the remedy?(Who's there? Who's there?)

[Chorus - Les Nubians]1Embed