Walk on the Wildside LyricsVERSE 1
Take a walk on the wild side with warriors wielding weapons
To guys on the other side got shells wait check him
Full cavity gravity for grill? director?
And everybody's rolling on the field except him
Roll with bullets to kill it's called crater makers
Or I can hit you with with the shit I call the acher shaker
Make your niggers wake up and the haters break up
Can't wait to see you in the funeral parlor make up
Type to take up i took the task on
Blast on put the mask on now your ass gone
Fuck the camp you with you better movе the bitch
On some shooter shit, Nеw Jeru ?
I hit the moonshine two time noon time
Lose your spine any motherfucker trynna move mine
The quarter heard the info was bullshit and still went
?????
CHORUS
Take a walk on the wild side
While I look at you with the wil' eye
Whip up ready to wil' out
A while ? the wild ride
Took a while while I'm wishing for the ? listen
Take a walk down the wild side
Enemy or ally, should I, could I, shall I
Take a walk down the wild side, won't ya
Take a walk down the wild side, we want ya

VERSE 2
While die walking, stalking way past we hawking
Often, often for popping when we walk in
A hip hoppa urban opera keep the poppa
When I vote word to mama it's for Barack Obama
Screaming loud in this deaf world we yell though
So he can get us out this like hell hole like ? bro
In an urban turban or urban apparel
Off the straight and narrow hoodie flinged like a pharaoh
The shit i hit ya with will split your steam though
We resistant for life like a feather from a fallin' flamingo
Balling is singing catching coochie the coldest
A poet you know me so I hokus pokus your focus
The red white and blue is now red white and black
With a red white wire with a black bomb attached
When you're on the wild side walk is dangerous like angel dust
The boys they bust but they don't change for us
You might also likeCHORUS

VERSE 3
? rebel shift change 9 at noon
We got 20 holding soldiers behind and move
We got the place of the safe, we got the blueprints
Cameras diversion? security code the movement
8am on the dot not a talk of the ?
The name of the plan we coming call it masturbate
Never coming quick but come at a faster pace
Before we go, circle one again, yeah, past the place
You say there's two guards, just pass the mace
There's another that's just one more ass to ace
We got a timetable after our ass it out
Have you strapped have your clout and have your exit route
Hit it, we got two guards mass and move
Now we by the light right by the master room
We at stage two, clear the room
Where's the safe, here the wires and tape now, kaboom

CHORUSEmbed