Situationships Lyrics[Intro]
"You hate me? Keep on sayin that shit girl"
"Yeah, that's right, I hate yo ass! You make, me, sick! I can't stand yo' black ass!
You act like a little boy instead of a grown ass man. I hate you!"
"We'll you know what? I hate yo ass too, do somethin'!"
"Gimme the keys to my car, Jody, you ain't goin nowhere!"
Get up off me girl! See there you go again, bringin yo' ass downstairs, showin' off in front of these fuckin neighbors! Get yo' ass back upstairs!
Fuck you and these neighbors, I hate you
I hate your ass too
I love you I love you so much, Jody!
I love you too, baby!
[Verse 1: Fabolous]
We all have situationships: good sex, bad relationships
Had dinner dates, had vacation trips
Now the respect is lost, the admiration dips
And all we do is fucking argue
Yeah that's it, fuck and argue
Why have somebody lying with me every night
If they just gon' be lying to me every night?
I'm trying, but I'm never right, buying shit you never liked
Two wrongs just make us wrong, why even be together, right?
We used to be lovers, now we used to each other
Keep accusing each other of us using the other
And what's crazy is soon as you fall back, they crawl back
Saying they sorry and want it all back
How do I get myself in these situations
Good thing I know

[Chorus: Mack Wild and Tiara Thomas]
Yeah.. somebody gon' be mad if they hear me saying that I'm single
'Cause lately I been feeling like, I'm single
How does together feel so alone?
Like I'm a stranger in my own home
Like I'm single, guess I'm single, single, I'm single

[Verse 2: Fabolous]
Titles ain't shit, if the story don't match it
Now you got a itch looking for a way to scratch it
Flirting online hoping shorty don't catch it
In the strip club, you do it for the ratchets
Meanwhile, discussing turn into fussing, name calling and cussing
The person you put your trust in
You tryna take back something you already said
That's like giving CPR to something already dead
And it is what it is or it is what it isn't
The comfort to us, is no longer sufficient
But, I hit it well in public I didn't yell
We got everybody fooled, but I think the kids could tell
That this situation ain't the best it ain't the worst
It's been times that I felt like this, it ain't my first
That alone got me like try harder, or why bother
One thing I know
You might also like[Chorus: Mack Wild and Tiara Thomas]
Yeah.. somebody gon' be mad if they hear me saying that I'm single
'Cause lately I been feeling like, I'm single
How does together feel so alone?
Like I'm a stranger in my own home
Like I'm single, guess I'm single
Single, single, I'm single

[Outro]
"If you believe all that mucho frontin crap you spat out on the radio today, you don't respect me or the relationship"
"Gina, how can you say that? You know I respect you"
"Then you go out there and you tell your friends what's real!"
Wait a minute dammit! What's real between me and you ain't none of their business!" [laughter]
So what you're sayin' is that you respect in private but not in public?
"Gina." "Fine! It's over, Martin!"
Whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa! You, you makin' me laugh!
You're gonna break up with me because of what I do on the radio?
No, because of what you do to me on the radio!
"Dammit Gina! Now I'm mad! You don't get it, do ya? This is childish, Gina!
That's how you wanna leave me right? I'm a man, Gina! I'mma be alright!
This is childish! I want you out! I don't even know why you still here!
Step! I wan- step! Gina, Gina, Gina! [laughter]
You won! You won, babe!
I what? You won—damn!29Embed