All Black Lyrics[Verse 1]
Yo, once again, it's the Big L, that kid who got much props
From killin' corrupt cops with motherfuckin' buck shots
So don't step to this, 'cause I got a live crew
You might be kinda big, but they make coffins yo' size, too
I was taught wise, I'm known to extort guys
This ain't Cali — it's Harlem, nigga, we do walk-by's
No one can match me, tax me, or wax me
If you want me to write you some raps, G, just ask me
'Cause on the shelf is where your LP cold stood
Because it was no good, that shit ain't even go wood
I'm not the type to take sluts out, I just fuck they guts out
Get my nuts out, then break the fuck out
Me bein' a virgin? That's idiotic
'Cause if Big L got the AIDS, every cutie in the city got it
Once a nigga tried to stick me for six G's
And I put more holes in his ass than Swiss cheese
[Chorus]
(Thugs better scat when the gat goes click-clack!)
Or I'ma have your family dressed in all black
(Thugs better scat when the gat goes click-clack!)
Or I'ma have your family dressed in all black

[Verse 2]
I steal lives like a stone thief, so leave me alone, chief
Or catch a buck shot to your dome piece
I must warn — I got it goin' on, word is bond
Ducks be gettin' thrown off platforms like PM Dawn
I'm catchin' bodies like a villain's supposed to
And I squeeze triggers — not just on niggas, but hoes too
So don't try to test me, 'cause I can't stand testers
Fuck around, I'll introduce you to your ancestors
Step to this and get left with a face full of tears, pal
But man, you've been rappin' for years now
And ain't made a hit yet, you flop in a split sec
In the shower's the only time you get your dick wet
I roll with scary crews, I come outta wars barely bruised
I'm puttin' motherfuckers on the Daily News
I was a gangsta from the get-go
Leavin' fags in body-bags with tags on they big toe

[Chorus x2]
You might also like[Verse 3]
Yo, ever since I was young, I ripped mics and I killed beats
And I'm known to milk freaks and hit 'em on silk sheets
No dame can give me a bad name, I got mad fame
I'm quick to put a slug in a fag brain
I be placin' snitches inside lakes and ditches
And if I catch AIDS, then I'ma start rapin' bitches
I'm all about makin' papes, kid
I killed my mother with a shovel just like Norman Bates did
My old man in the past stuck me up without a mask
Then his ass cold dashed with my cash fast
Fifty G's is what the creep stole
So the next day, knocked on his door
And shot his granny through the peephole
That's the type of shit I'm on, word is bond
Got it goin' on, from the break of dawns to the early morn'
You know my style, I'm wild
Comin' straight outta Harlem, pal
It's Big L, the motherfuckin' problem child

[Chorus x2]

[Outro]
This goes out to all y'all bitch-ass niggas!
So if your mother ain't ready for a funeral, don't fuck with me!
'Cause I know a good way to get your family together
And I ain't talkin' 'bout a reunion, motherfucker!
Yo, I'm 'bout to sign out
But before I go, I gotta say peace to the NFL crew
You know who you are!
And all y'all niggas talkin' that gun shit and won't bust a rhyme
Stop fakin' the funk!
Word! I'm 'bout to get up outta here
Yo, I'm out, B! Yo, peace, man! I gotta get this money
So all y'all niggas on my hit list — get your suits ready! Hahahaha!24Embed