Who Do I Catch Lyrics
Now I'm known by the masses
'Cause I've grown to make them smashes
On this journey, did many back flips
To get your attention, now that I caught it
Who do I catch bitch?
Real rock, rap and not a Xerox
Weird not enough to make ya fear a lot, from here watch
I ran scrimmage, and I fought to the damn finish
And I popped eyes open without eating me canned spinach
My fans in it, constantly tellin' me I can win it
If I stand grimace, damaging man every damn minute
I blended it, expands quick, it slams wicked rhyme
Grand spittage, H.A.M. with it, fam dig it's, N9ne
Chea! Hard to see me like the background
Your rap styles coming softer than a cats meow
Red laces, but booted like I'm Iraq bound
That frown'll get you ate by my cannibal from Sac Town
So relax pal, pat down, gat down, back down, blackout
With a fat smile, I might react foul
So don't make this cat growl
I caught everybody when I spazzed wow, who do I catch now?
Who do I catch now?
Maybe those who can't get with the rap sound
I caught the industry, who do I catch now?
Who do I catch now?
Maybe those who told me to put the rap down
I caught the whole world, who do I catch now?

I caught wreck, AND THEN I caught checks
AND THEN I caught press, AND THEN I caught sex, YES
And no permanent diseases were caught when I caught that
Now the games been offset, 'cause I'm strange in a lost mess
I caught a lot of shit being different, they tried to hinder Tech
By calling him devil worshiper, surfaced up on the internet
My temper gets grimmer just as winter sets, I'm a venter, yes
And I can't forget when the finger pressed triggers, I can't remember that
I caught stars attention, N9na had a large ascension
So high the lord is squintin', (NOPE), I mean y'all are squintin', (OKAY)
'Cause I'm tall as Pippen , (NOPE), got a flawless vision, (OKAY)
On a lawless mission, (NOPE), 'cause I'm ballish pimpin', (YEAH!)
Best believe I caught fades
Never homie soft made, I'm active, no off days
And I got boss paid with music, I caught babes
And I even caught gays before they all caught AIDS
You might also like
Who do I catch now?
Maybe those who can't get with the rap sound
I caught the industry, who do I catch now?
Who do I catch now?
Maybe those who told me to put the rap down
I caught the whole world, who do I catch now?

I hit a pot of gold, with the harder flow
You haters oughta know, that we are the MO
This is my land, you in my hand and you's a particle
And I see you marvel over the fact I caught Tha Carter IV
So that means I caught Martians already
And you talk shit about that, because often y'all petty
And because you jelly sicklin', its costing y'all Bettys
To get tossed in our headache 'cause we lost in tall fetty
Ayy, you catch the vapors 'cause N9na, he catch hoes
And you non believers are funny people, like Seth Rog
Better pay attention, 'cause if you simpin' ya get froze
And I'ma leave you with a wet nose, when I'm ripping they catch colds

When I’m rippin', they catch colds?
Ay, that make sense, don’t it, Ben?
Lyrically, I’m cold blooded
They be like “ah-ah-choo!"
Who do I catch now?
Maybe those who can't get with the rap sound
I caught the industry, who do I catch now?
Who do I catch now?
Maybe those who told me to put the rap down
I caught the whole world, who do I catch now?9Embed