Wake Up Lyrics
So I was relaxing at the spot
And some dude came through and was like, “Yo, you got flows?!”
I was like, “Of course”, and I asked him if he rhymed
And he was like, “Only when I’m off this sizzurp!”
I love to rap, I don’t even care if you’re whack
You got, flows and a beat, we can do that
He was like, “Okay, but you go first", so I spit an unedited
Spontaneous improvisational verse, and we were chillin'
Then this fool grabbed the mic and was like
“Yeah, I be killin', stackin' millions, eatin' children
Fuck a slut bitch”, I interrupted his ignorant ass
And said, “Unless you’re trying to sound like Brother Lynch
On shermstick, that the microphone you need to pass
You don’t got a Bentley, I just heard you talkin' about your bus pass”
He said, “Fool you don’t know me!
I’m crazy, blood! I'm a North End rider, just ask my homies
I jack white boys like you” I replied
“You’re white too", he said, “Honky, I wear FUBU!
I’ll fight you! Let’s go head up!”
I told him, “My man slow your roll, peep the flow and just wake up”
 (Sampled)]
Use your mentality, wake up to reality
Use your mentality, wake up to reality
Use your mentality, wake up to reality
Use your mentality, wake up to reality

So I was talking to one of my teachers and they asked me what kind of music I made
And I said, “Hip Hop, I’m an MC and I make beats.”
And he laughed and he’s like
“Mm, you must be like Eminem.”
First of all, hip hop is my life
My culture, my blood, and me being white
Doesn’t have anything to do with my skills
He said, “Oh you’re like Will Smith, Puff Daddy, dollar dollar bill bill?”
Nah bro
Never associate me with Eminem, bling-blingers, R&B singers
I’m just sendin' out words that the youth can relate to
So they can stay faithful
Themselves they regulate when ignorant people degrade you
You should respect one another, you’re a teacher
And still haven’t learned you shouldn’t judge a book by its cover
He said, “Oh I’m sorry brother, calm down homie, don’t bust a cap in me, word to your mother.”
I tried to help my teacher see the light
But ignorance leaves people in the dark seeing only black and white
I looked him in the eyes and told him straight up
"You can’t teach if you don’t listen, open your eyes and just wake up"
You might also like (Sampled)]
Use your mentality, wake up to reality
Use your mentality, wake up to reality
Use your mentality, wake up to reality
Use your mentality, wake up to reality

So I was at the bus stop kicking a beatbox
And started conversing with some lady about music
And she asked me if it was true that
“All people have guns, smoke blunts, and drink forties in hip hop?”
So I told her
“Don’t believe everything that you hear
The news associates acculturate violence and fear
Fear extorts fear
Hip hop is universal
A positive outlet with energy flowing through the circle expressing souls without rehearsal
A conscious movement in tune with
The mental physical spiritual side of the music
It’s about love
Unfortunately, it’s stereotyped as a culture that’s based upon thugs
Hip hop is not about guns
And like all cultures, yes some hip hop heads do drugs
That’s not even relevant
In moderation, drugs can actually open eyes and expand the elements
I’ve come closer to my ancestor’s remnants
Scripting my life through the force of their spiritual presence
I use my lyrics as the evidence
You question hip hop’s drug use?
You should be questioning the President’s
 (Sampled)]
Use your mentality, wake up to reality
Use your mentality, wake up to reality
Use your mentality, wake up to reality
Use your mentality, wake up to reality
Use your mentality, wake up to reality
Use your mentality, wake up to reality1Embed