Mr. Nigga Lyrics
Say ho, everybody say ho
By the way yo
I said take it slow like way back in the day-yo
By the way yo, everybody say ho
Everybody say hooooo- hooo
Everybody say ho

And check it out now
Who is the cat eating out on the town
And make the whole dining room turn they head round
Mr. Nigga, Nigga Nigga
He got the speakers in the trunk with the bass on crunk
Who be riding up in the highrise elevator
Other tenants who be prayin that he ain't the new neighbor
Mr. Nigga, Nigga Nigga
They try to play him like a chump cause he got what they want
He under thirty years old but already he's a pro
Designer trousers slung low cause his pockets stay swoll'
Could afford to get up and be anywhere he go
V.I.P. at the club, backstage at the show
(Yes y'all) the best crib, the best clothes
Hottest whips on the road neck and wrists on froze (say word)
Checks with Os, o-o-o-o-ohs
Straight all across the globe, watch got three time-zones
Keep the digital phone up to his dome
Two assistants, two bank accounts, two homes
One problem; even with the Os on his check
The po-po stop him and show no respect
"Is there a problem officer?" Damn straight, it's called race
That motivate the jake (woo-woo) to give chase
Say they want you successful, but that ain't the case
You living large, your skin is dark, they flash a light in your face

Now, who is cat dining out on the town
Maitre'd wanna take a whole year to sit him down
Mr. Nigga, Nigga Nigga
He got the speakers in the trunk with the bass on crunk
Now, who is the cat at Armani buying wears
With the tourists who be asking him, do you work here?
Mr. Nigga, Nigga Nigga
Nigga Nigga
You might also like
Yo, the Abstract with the Mighty Mos Def
White folks gotta mumble the chorus beneath they breath
(I didn't say it!)
But they'll say it out loud again
When they get with they close associates and friends
You know, sneak it in with they friends at the job
Happy hour at the bar, while this song is in they car
And even if they've never said it, lips stay sealed
They actions reveal how their hearts really feel
Like, late night I'm on a first class flight
The only brother in sight, the flight attendant catch fright
I sit down in my seat, 2C
She approach officially, talking about, "Excuse me"
Her lips curl up into a tight space
Cause she don't believe that I'm in the right place
Showed her my boarding pass, and then she sort of gasped
All embarrassed, put an extra lime on my water glass
An hour later here she come by, walkin' past
"I hate to be a pest but my son would love your autograph"
(Wowwww.. Mr. Nigga I love you, I have all your albums!..)
They stay on nigga patrol on American roads
And when you travel abroad they got world nigga law
Some folks get on a plane, go where they please
But I go over seas and I get over-seized
London, Heathrow, me and my people
They think that illegal's a synonym for negro
Far away places, customs agents flagrant
They think the dark faces smuggle weight in they cases
Bags inspected, now we arrested
Attention directed to contents of our intestines
Urinalyis followed by X-rays
Interrogated and detained 'til damn near the next day
No evidence, no apology, and no regard
Even for the big American rap star
For us especially, us most especially
A Mr. Nigga VIP jail cell, just for me
(If I knew you were coming I'd have baked a cake)
Just got some shoe-polish, painted my face
They say they want you successful, but then they make it stressful
You start keeping pace, they start changing up the tempo
Now, who is cat riding out on the town
State trooper wanna stop him in his ride, pat him down
Mr. Nigga, Nigga Nigga
He got the speakers in the trunk with the bass on crunk
Now, who is the cat with the hundred dollar bill
They gotta send it to the lab to make sure the shit is real
Mr. Nigga, Nigga Nigga
Nigga Nigga.. Nigga

You can laugh and criticize Michael Jackson if you wanna;
Woody Allen molested and married his step-daughter
Same press kicking dirt on Michael's name
Show Woody and Soon-Yi at the playoff game (Holding hands)
Sit back and just bug, think about that
Would he get that type of dap if his name was Woody Black?
O.J. found innocent by jury of his peers
And they been fucking with that nigga for the last five years
Is it fair, is it equal, is it just, is it right?
Do you do the same shit when the defendant face is white?
If white boys doing it, well, it's success
When I start doing, well, it's suspect
Don't hate me, my folks is poor, I just got money
America's five centuries deep in cotton money
You see a lot of brothers caked up, yo straight up
It's new, y'all livin off of slave traders' paper
But I'm a live though, yo I'm a live though
I'm puttin up the big swing for my kids, yo
Got my mom the fat water-front crib, yo
I'm a get her them pretty bay windows
I'm a cop a nice home to provide in
A safe environment for seeds to reside in
A fresh whip for my whole family to ride in
And if I'm still Mr. Nigga, I won't find it suprisin'9Embed