Hustler’s Spirit Lyrics[Intro]
SQ-SQ-SQ-SQUAD UP!

[Verse 1]
Know you can't relate with it (nah)
Never been on the crate with it (nah)
In and out of state with it (nah)
Fucked up ya momma plates with it
Who me? I'm in front of the store with it
Hard or soft raw with it, for kitty we all in it (where?)
From M-I-A to A-T-L
My niggas got blow jobs, why? 'Cause sex sells
Get it? Nigga, I'm back on my dumb shit (for real)
They love my lines, I'm back on that one shit (yes sir)
I got the taste test bars
That'll numb a nigga mouth, he can't feel his tongue shit (YEAH!)
Porsche pockets, 'Rari taste buds (umm)
Music's my dream, reality's chase drugs (damn)
Pyrex don't fail me now (nah)
If I'm high off life, don't let me down
I got my back to my wind (and), my head in the clouds
But my heart in the streets, and my bread in that pow-der (YEAH!)
A few more flips of the (?)
Be the Lincoln, have that crib out in west New York
Overlookin' the water
Came a long way from standin' in front of DJ's
Coppin' them haze quarters (haze quarters)
But I ain't change a bit (nah)
Same number, different phones, I ain't missin' a lick (umm)
Still a 12-12, 2 for 10s, 3, 4s stupid and
Batman baggies, you could call us the super friends (HUH?!)
Guilty by association (for real)
And fuck dirty, we filthy, that's why they hatin' (ha)
We know we on fire, that's why we keep quiet (what)
'Cause nowadays niggas be wired like ya Daytons (YEAH!)
[Chorus]
I got a hustler's spirit, nigga, period
Check my swag, peep the way I wear shit
Before this music, I was who I was, playa
Ask about me, I does what I does, playa

I got a hustler's spirit, nigga, period
Check my swag, peep the way I wear shit
Before this music, I was who I was, playa
Ask about me, I does what I does, playa

[Verse 2]
I don't know if my niggas built for success and this gratification
(WHY?) They from the dirt, never took vacations (damn)
6-5 splits, early on probation (real)
It's an achievement just to be in rotation (YEAH!)
Knowin' you surprised, I'm still comin' to terms with it (real)
But my flow sick, it got germs in it (heh)
And my money straight like it got a perm in it
And this ain't temporary cake, this permanent (YEAH!)
Does it sound like a accident? (nah)
I got a thing for them Lams, but attract the Bents (real)
I attract the pussy (real), attract the brains (real)
Bring her around me, I attract your dame (HUH?!)
The hustlers honor my hunger (yes sir)
Ridin' a different wave, nigga, cowabunga (YEAH!)
Cocaine cowboys, that be us
My young boys be strapped like my special ed bus (ha ha)
No helmet, 'less it's Euro cut
Fuck balls, they got hero guts
But disrespectin' anything I'm involved with
Red dots everywhere, nigga, welcome to Target (YEAH!)
I gotta be smarter than most (how?)
Strategizin' bringin' crystal meth to the East coast (and)
Let it break out in the hood like a rash
'86 all over, I got 'em back on that glass (YEAH!)
You might also like[Chorus]
I got a hustler's spirit, nigga, period
Check my swag, peep the way I wear shit
Before this music, I was who I was, playa
Ask about me, I does what I does, playa

I got a hustler's spirit, nigga, period
Check my swag, peep the way I wear shit
Before this music, I was who I was, playa
Ask about me, I does what I does, playa1Embed