Do You Know What Time it Is? Lyrics[Intro]
Do you know what time it is?

[Verse 1]
Girlies are partying, touching my body and
Talking to me like I'm a kindergartian
Today she's on mine, tomorrow she's on his
But don't worry about me, because I know what time it is
Time to get mine while you try to get yours
I'll get mine paws in those silky drawers
Take you to the cleaners and I got a trick
'Cause all you're ever going to get is a piece of my di-di-di-uh
Didn't you know that my girlie, my toe
It's easy to come, and harder to go
Hope you got a good heart and you're a good sport
'Cause I'm a treat you like we were on a basketball court
I'm gonna run you around, take you up and down
Take you out and leave you in the lost and found
So if you wanna be down, then listen up miss
Before you deal with me, you'd better know what time it is
[Hook]
Do you know what time it is?  (Tell me, do you know?)
Do you know what time it is?  (Do you, do you know)
Do you know what time it is?  (Tell me, do you know?)
Do you know what time it is?

[Verse 2]
Some girlies are pretty, some girlies are fine
But most girlie girlies like to play with your mind
They like sporting new gold and riding in cars
And most of them, they don't care who you are
They're materialistic and unrealistic
And to most of them you're nothing but another statistic
Whoever's got the money, they're all on his
But y'all can save it for David, 'cause I know what time it is

[Hook]
Do you know what time it is?  (Tell me, do you know?)
Do you know what time it is?  (Do you, do you know)
Do you know what time it is?  (Tell me, do you know?)
Do you know what time it is? Check the clock!

[Bridge]
Put your Gucci watch on and synchronize the time, and let's rock

[Verse 3]
Girls for me come a dime a dozen
And that's why I never ever ever was in
A situation where I could get jerked
I'm like a mechanic, all I do is bodywork
Want my money?  You must be a fool
'Cause like Billy Idol said, I'm gigalo cool
Moe Dee, that's me, introduce yourself, miss
But don't try to be slick, 'cause I know what time it is
Time to make sure that the girlies stay poised
String 'em out so they will always want more
Don't come around here and try to get richer
Don't ask me for no money, 'cause baby baby baby
Betcha don't know me from a can of paint
And I bet you think I'm fronting but I tell you I ain't
And I bet you think you know, but I'll tell you like this:
I'll bet you don't know (Know what?) What time it is
You might also like[Hook]
Do you know what time it is?  (Tell me, do you know?)
Do you know what time it is?  (Do you, do you know)
Do you know what time it is?  (Tell me, do you know?)
Do you know what time it is?

[Verse 4]
It's time to get money, time to get paid
When it's time to have fun, it's time to get laid
Like to front like I'm poor, I don't drive, instead
I be chilling in a Jetta with my man that be red
Riding all around the city and half the world
And after talking from girl to girl
All you ladies seem to sing the same old song
Makes it hard for me when a real girl comes along
Now I'm a veteran, a girl all-pro
And as many as I've had, I still don't know
So I made a little system so I can tell
Doesn't always work, but what the hell?
Don't ask me for nothing and don't gimme nothing
And keep it like that for about a whole month and
Half and I'll laugh and maybe one day miss
Maybe you can be down, maybe you can be down
Maybe you should be down cause you know what time it is

[Hook]
Do you know what time it is?  (Tell me, do you know?)
Do you know what time it is?  (Do you, do you know)
Do you know what time it is?  (Tell me, do you know?)
Do you know what time it is? Check the clock!
[Outro]
Put your Gucci watch on and synchronize the time, and let's rock1Embed