Nutmeg Lyrics[Intro: Ghostface Killah]
Yeah, whassup, y'all, whassup?
This is Ghostface, straight from Staten Island
You know I don't really mean no harm
But it just happens you know
When I step approach a motherfuckin' wack nigga
That tryin' to spit his darts and can't spit 'em
Check it out though, ayo

[Verse 1: Ghostface Killah]
Scientific, my hand kissed it
Robotic, let's think optimistic
You probably missed it, watch me Dolly Dick it
Scotty Wotty copper tipped me, big microphone hippie
Hit Poughkeepsie, crispy chicken, verbs, throw up a stone, Richie
Chop the O, sprinkle a little snow inside a Optimo
Swing the John McEnroe, rap rock'n'roll
Ty-D-Bol, gung-ho pro, Starsky with the gumsole
Hit the rum slow, parole kids, live Rapunzel
But Ton' Stizzy really high, the vivid laser eye guy
Jump in the Harley ride, Clarks, I freak a lemon pie
I'm bout it, bout it, Lord forgive me, Ms. Sally shouted
Tracey got shot in the face, my house was overcrowded
You fake cats done heard it first
On how I shitted on your turf that time, Cuban Link verse yo
Check out the rap kingpin, summertime, fine jewelry dripping
Face to the box, I seen your ear twitching
As soon as I drove off, Cap' came to me with three sawed-offs
Give one to Rae', let's season they broth
Lightning rod fever heaters, knock-kneed a Sheeba for hiva
Diva got rocked from the receiver bleeder
Portfolio, looking fancy in the pantry
My man got bigger dimes son, your shit is scampi
Base that, throw what's in your mouth, don't waste that
See Ghost lamping in the throne with King Tut hat
Straight off
[Interlude: Ghostface Killah]
Yeah... yeah
I just want y'all niggas
Smack all y'all niggas, and niggarettes
Universal death threats, yeah
This be the God Body
Yeah no doubt, Judge Wise

[Verse 2: Ghostface Killah]
Ayo, spiced out Calvin Coolers, lounging with 7 duelers
The Great Adventures of Slick, licking with 6 Rugers
Rock those, big boy Bulotti's out of Woodbridge
Porridge for the biggest bear, seasoned giraffe ribs
Rotissiere roast, hickory cinnamon scented glaze
Perfected find truth within self, let's smoke
All hail to my hands, 50 thou' appraisal
Dirty nose with the nasal drip, clique flipped on fam
Dancing with Blanche and them bitches, flicking deuce pictures
Kick down the ace of spades, snatch Jack riches
Olsive compulsive lies flyers with my name on it
Dick made the cover now count, how many veins on it
Scooby snack jurassic plastic gas booby trap
Ten years working for me, you wanna tab shit?
Bong bong bong! Your bell went rung rung rung!
Staple-Land's where the ambulance don't come
You might also like[Interlude: Ghostface Killah]
Yeah, you see what I mean?
You see what I mean, you motherfucking crybabies?
Get in line, punk!
You should be studying your arts instead of studying me!
That's how you lost your first job, punk!
Now get in line, before you get your lil' thick ass tossed up!
Shit! I studied under Bruce Lee, nigga
He was on the fourth, I was on the third

[Verse 3: RZA]
Pass me a honey-dipped spliff
Black mental cause continental drift
One whiff of Power-U gets my Divine stiff
Brick rock, late night, hear the tick tock of my clock
I used to run up and pick, a crab lock
Hit his stash, dip back, to the Lab, make him flip
Uptown, BOO-DOOP, now we back on your ave
Incognito, fatal Hapkido blow, pop a needle
Dick a knock-knee ho, bust out her fetal
Nine inch long strong, Bobby pop the bitch thong
Spit on her, then I banged on my chest like Kong King
Merciless Ming, point the killer bee sting
Ring dings, right through your head bing
Snap the wing off of bats, my battle-axe tongue hacks tracks
Once the ball drop, I'mma snatch ten jacks
Pass the crack to a niggarette, puff a loose leaf cigarette
While your man search the internet for Bob Digitech
In Stereo, crazy as Shapiro
Multiply myself ten times standing next to zero
And snap my fingers like the Fonz
And bag me a golden bronze skinned girl with the honey blonde
Dip hair, make a nigga flip in his chair
Had the armpit shaved off perfect with the Nair
Stomach flat as a pancake for her man's sake
Used to fuck her when she menstruate
But it made her hyperventilate
[Outro: Ghostface Killah]
Brooklyn! I know, I know, I know, I know
Queens! I know, I know, I know, I know
Shaolin! I know, I know, I know, I know
I know, I know, I know, I know, I know
Bronx! I know, I know, I know, I know
Jersey! I know, I know, I know
Long Island! I know, I know, I know, I know
I know, I know, I know, break it down!9Embed