Guerrilla Monsoon Rap Lyrics
Yeah
Yeah, that's what I'm talkin about!
Let's do it
Kanye West, c'mon, turn me up and
Black Thought, c'mon, turn me up and
Pharoahe Monch, c'mon, turn me up and
Talib Kweli in the house with

Guerrilla Monsoon rap, all the shorties like "Who that?"
Got the whole crowd like, "How ya do that?"
Nigga, you get smacked 'til ya blue-black
And ya crew give me dap like "true that"
We come through and all the shorties like, "Who that?"
Got the whole crowd like, "How ya do that?"
Nigga, you get smacked 'til ya blue-black
And ya crew give me dap like "true that" (Yo)
I hit these emcees with the grip of death like I was a Vulcan
Ain't a lot of "ifs" and "ands", it's just straight talkin'
It's hard to swallow at times, so take portions
Bitin' off more than you can chew create orphans
Emcee species endangered like dolphins
Rappers is spittin' nails into they own coffins (C'mon)
Here come the Dundee moves rocket-launchin' (Yeah)
Black Thought, quit playin' him close and back up off him

Kweli, spruce to the tree, Bruce to the Lee
The real emcee that your favorite rapper used to be
One by one I knock 'em out like Schoolly D, my rhyme's a eulogy
A flea could move a tree before you think you're movin' me
I black and blue emcees actin' new to me, get smacked stupidly
They lack skills, like the Black community lack unity (Uh)
Still my rhymes hurt like Ali to Fraiz'
Step off the stage to shouts of "Kweli, boom-ai-yay!"

See, these four emcees came to get down
Rearrange the rap game, change your whole sound
Nigga, you gotta understand the plot to
Movin' and groovin' and always improvin' a lot to
I'll outfox the average Porsche Boxster talk
Break the bank on some old Frank Sinatra (New York)
Slash Chi-Town, slash Philly
Check the blast from Geneva, you can get slapped silly
You might also like
Guerrilla Monsoon rap, all the shorties like "Who that?"
Got the whole crowd like, "How ya do that?"
Nigga, you get smacked 'til ya blue-black
And ya crew give me dap like "true that"
We come through and all the shorties like, "Who that?"
Got the whole crowd like, "How ya do that?"
Nigga, you get smacked 'til ya blue-black
And ya crew give me dap like "true that"

Okay, my sound drenches each of the five senses
And hold the shock value of electrified fences
It's truth or consequences, ride with us or against us
Is you a dedicated soldier, or you a princess, dog?
I'm in it to win it and not for the wealth
Got a crib with a Grammy and a gat on the shelf (Ha)
Nann nigga competition, gotta battle myself
And me and Kweli on a mission, hittin' Pharoahe for help

From natives walkin' the Trail of Tears to players sippin' Belvedere
We always comin' well-prepared and all my dogs smellin' fear
Plus, even my niggas from the Bay, they say you hella scared (Uh)
Truth or consequences, and all senses be well-aware (Woo)
Your style under-developed there, hell if I care
What hardship you claim to see, but I can tell by your stare
Nigga, you fugazi, sayin' ya crew blazin'
Like sayin' Miss Cleo is a true Jamaican (C'mon)
Guerrilla Monsoon rap, smell the fumes, get in tune with it
When I attack your city, y'all gon' think Dr. Doom did it
Spit it like white trash in seed-spittin' contests
With a vendetta that send a better letter bomb to Congress
I'm pissed, cumulus clouds are ominous
Words of the four, the rawness that'll restore your calmness
Unless you wanna leave leg and armless
That's parapaleg' for those who believe in bomb threats

Guerrilla Monsoon rap, all the shorties like "Who that?"
Got the whole crowd like, "How ya do that?"
Nigga, you get smacked 'til ya blue-black
And ya crew give me dap like "true that"
We come through and all the shorties like, "Who that?"
Got the whole crowd like, "How ya do that?"
Nigga, you get smacked 'til ya blue-black
And ya crew give me dap like "true that," nigga

Ha, that's what I'm talkin' about (Yeah, yeah-yeah-yeah, yeah)
Woah, woah, that's what I'm talkin' about (Yeah, yeah-yeah-yeah, yeah)
C'mon, woah, woah, that's what I'm talkin' about (Yeah, yeah-yeah-yeah, yeah)
Uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh (Yeah)
Woah, woah, that's what I'm talkin' about (Yeah, yeah-yeah-yeah, yeah)
C'mon, what, what, that's what I'm talkin' about (Yeah, yeah-yeah-yeah, yeah)
Uh, what, what, that's what I'm talkin' about (Yeah, yeah-yeah-yeah, yeah)
Uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh
Woo, Doug Wimbush
Woo, K. West
Woo, Kweli, Black Thought
Monch the Pharoahe6Embed