Muscle Cars Lyrics[Chorus]
Ford, Oldsmo's & Chevy's,(muscle cars)
General Motors and my Dodge Hemi, (muscle cars)
Cutlass, Stangs, Cougars. in the traffic (muscle cars)
Falcons, nice Chevelles, Caprice Classics.(muscle cars)

[Verse 1: E-40]
Not out of the local newspaper, but out the Auto Trader
Cleaner, than virgin coochie, my nigg', one owner Cutlass, playa'
The beat wrapped, monster cables, the speakers humpin
Trunk soundin like King Kong and Godzilla back there thumpin
All we do is drink, and get high and pedal and push!
Organic weed, mystery weed, just Purple Kush!
I cut the the wheel well on my whip and filled that bitch up
Now my muscle car sittin' high like a monster truck
Monster up, suck up to none, don't be no poodle
Split his pack open like pack of Top Ramen noodle
In the heart of the soil where you can find me
Try me fuck boi', and get your face put on a white tee
40, Turf Talk and Keak the Sneak
Them mainey ass voices and they styles is hekka unique
High speed chases and runnin' lights
Water in the duals make loud glass pipes
[Chorus]
Ford, Oldsmo's & Chevy's,(muscle cars)
General Motors and my Dodge Hemi, (muscle cars)
Cutlass, Stangs, Cougars. in the traffic (muscle cars)
Falcons, nice Chevelles, Caprice Classics.(muscle cars)

[Verse 2: Keak Da Sneak]
Four barrel carburetor, four speed tranny
Dual exhaust dipped in sauce
My car is a beast!
Catch me in the streets sideways through the East-
Side, boy, crunk like Lil' Jon
$hort, 40, and Mac Keak the last don
East Oakland, the land of the side show
Richmond, Frisco, to the Valley Jo'
I'm ridin' sideways, this way, that way
Doors open, while in traffic
Hold the door open (Hello!)
Shit'n on em', no front'n
455 got me runnin' up on Aston Martins
Rear-end for the streets, not the freeway
B&M shift kit (kirrrk) me and Danny Phea
On my celly cell straight lace with no fuckin juice
Mobbin in my old school, like Lil' Bruce'

[Chorus]
Ford, Oldsmo's & Chevy's,(muscle cars)
General Motors and my Dodge Hemi, (muscle cars)
Cutlass, Stangs, Cougars. in the traffic (muscle cars)
Falcons, nice Chevelles, Caprice Classics.(muscle cars)
You might also like[Verse 3: Turf Talk]
Four 15's, beat supreme
Told niggas fuck Rally's, ride gold one's, mayne
Mother's off candid, don't hate because ya ain't me
Race, fool, smoke in your facial (Bye!)
Supercharger, push this button, that's my engine start up
Pistol tucked, might be primered, but my engine souped up
Foot to the floor
When you open yours, don't scratch my doors
350, I push heavy
Not a Ford, it's a (Chevy), (Chevy), (Chevy)
First owner, not too many miles on her
We rep the BAY, we don't rep California, (I'm lyin'...)
I'mma run you for your car note
Why you don't got SS in front of your Monte Carlo?
Residence full of white folks
I'mma leave fresh tire marks on top of they asphalt

[Chorus]
Ford, Oldsmo's & Chevy's,(muscle cars)
General Motors and my Dodge Hemi, (muscle cars)
Cutlass, Stangs, Cougars. in the traffic (muscle cars)
Falcons, nice Chevelles, Caprice Classics.(muscle cars)

[Outro]
You got a muscle car?
You fuckin' with them muscle cars?Embed