Deadly Combination Lyrics[Intro: Ron G & 2Pac]
Yes, indeed, it's the mix king Ron G
I got somethin' the world ain't ready for
New York City, L.A., Chicago, Atlanta
D.C., Detroit, New Orleans
Y'all know the deal! Flavor!

Hahahahahaha!
Yeah, nigga
Yeah, that's right
Baby!
That's how we do it
[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Follow me, tell me if you feel me
I think niggas is tryna kill me
Picturin' pistols, spittin' hollow points 'til they drill me
Keepin' it real, and even if I do conceal
My criminal thoughts, preoccupied wit' keepin' steel
See, niggas is false, sittin' in court, turned snitches
That used to be real, but now they petrified bitches
I'm tryin' to be strong, they sendin' armies out to bomb me
Listen to Ron, the only DJ that can calm me
Constantly armed, my firepower keep me warm
I'm trapped in the storm, and fuck the world 'til I'm gone!
Bitches be warned — word is bond, you'll get torn
I'm bustin' on Giuliani, he rubbin' my niggas wrong
And then it's on! Before I leave, picture me
I'm spittin' at punk bitches, and hustlin' to be free
Watch me set it!
Niggas don't want it — you can get it, bet it!
Make these jealous niggas mad, I said it!
This Thug Life, nigga, we don't cater to you hoes
Fuck wit' me — have a hunnid muthafuckaz at yo' do' wit' .44's!

[Interlude: 2Pac]
Hahahahaha!
Yeah, nigga!
Thug Life
You might also like[Verse 2: Big L]
I be that young, pretty, fly, smooth, glorious kid
A Bad Boy just like Notorious B.I.G
A Rock-A-Fella like Shawn Carter
Wit' more game than Ron Harper
The bomb sparker rapper slash armed robber
While y'all be on the corners bummy and high
I be out buyin' the finest shit money can buy
You wish you was in a position that I'm in
Hot rhymin', diamonds shinin', autograph signin'
My lifestyle is far out
Every week — bring a different car out
I go to nightclubs and buy the bar out
Uh! ‘Cause I keep C.R.E.A.M., I'm large on the street scene
Every time I touch mics, you hear all the freaks scream

[Outro: Big L & 2Pac]
Yeah, yeah, Big L, Harlem's finest, yeah
That nigga who hold it down for Uptown

Hahahaha!
That's how we do it out here on this underground real shit, nigga
It's the heat, nigga!
Now, rewind this muthafucka — you know you can't help it
Deadly combination, bwoy!50Embed