Just Rhymin’ with Biz Lyrics[Intro: Biz Markie]
Funky!
Ready?
Funky! Funky! Ahhh...
One two, one two
We came here to do the motherfuckin' do
You and the crew
Got my man Marley Marl in the house
Can't forget my man, Lik, y'all in the house
Got Fric and Frac in the house
Hey-hey-hey, you got Big Daddy Kane in the house
Juice Crew in the house
That's right
And my name is the Biz Markie
And we gonna rock a little something like this...
One, two, whatcha gonna do?
I say yes, yes y'all, to the beat, all
Party-havin' people guaranteed to be like havin' a ball
H-h-h-hey, we gonna do a little somethin' like this, I say...

[Verse 1: Biz Markie]
I'm the rap promoter, I start to motor
Tour from New York to South Dakota
Drink ginger ale or root beer soda
Never get the girls with the underarm odor
Put me on water, I'm a good floater
When I run for prez, you best be a voter
Once knew a girl by the name of Rhoda
I watched Star Wars just to see Yoda
Or R2-D2 drivin' down the BQ
When I buy franks, I make sure they're Hebrew
When I entertain, and love to treat you
Love to see a girl in a nightie that's see-through
Take her to the crib, turn on the Beta
Watch a good flick by Arnold Schwarzenegger
Maybe "Commando" or "The Terminator"
Peace, party people, ha ha, see you later
Big Daddy, ha ha, my man my mellow
Get on the mic 'cause you know you eat Jell-O

[Verse 2: Big Daddy Kane]
Check it out, y'all
You don't stop, keep on
Well, it's the Kane in the flesh, of course I'm fresh
Oh, you thought that I was rotten? Huh, I beg your pardon
To me, gettin' paid and gettin' busy fall together
So a man of my ambiance... never!
Could I be weak, why, I'm rather unique
I got style, flavor, grace, and plus a different technique
That I be usin' and not many can manage
So a brother like me, I do damage
Just by pickin' up the mic to go solo
I cold turn a party on out, and oh, yo
I get physical, mystical, very artistical
Givin' party people somethin' funky to listen to
That's why the other MC's can't swing long
I stomp 'em out just like I was King Kong
Steppin' on roaches, I get ferocious
Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious
I go on and on and on and
Until the bright Shirley Murdock morning
'Cause I'mma pimp, hear the primp, yes, the emp-
-eror, bringin' much terror in your era
I'm ready, willin' and I'm able, so bust a move
Never use a barbershop, I got my homeboy Smooth
Coolin' out with the clippers right around the way
To keep my fresh Cameo cut every day
Like that, y'all, it's like that, y'all
It's like thata-the-that, it's like that, y'all
'Cause I'm the prosecutor, takin' a stand
And, I'm cross-examinin' you, my man
The judge and jury, releasin' my fury
The verdict that I reach for you is rather blurry
You see, the name Kane is superior to many people
It means King Asiatic Nobody's Equal
I hate to brag, but damn, I'm good
And if mics were a gun, I'd be Clint Eastwood
And if rap was a game, I'd be MVP
Most Valuable Poet on the M-I-C
Or if rap was a school, I'd be the principal
Aw, fuck it! The Kane is invincible
To be specific, I may die one day
But my rhymes will remain like a hieroglyphic
It's a certain special skill that takes much practice
I got it good, apparently you lack this
So in turn, sit back and learn
Listen close, this is for your own concern
Let me show you exactly how it's properly done
Lights, camera, action!
A rap pro, do a show, good to go, also
Cameo afro, Virgo, domino
I go Rambo, gigolo, Romeo
Friday night spend money on a ho-
-tel, to get a good night's sleep, I'm keepin' in step
Now, do I come off? YepYou might also like7Embed