Goonies Never Die Lyrics[Intro 1]
And it's not smart to be dumb
It's not smart to be dumb
Bumb de dumb dumb dumb
Back where I come from
It's not considered smart to be dumb

[Intro 2: Immortal Technique + Empanada]
— Okay, little empanada, time for bed.
— Uncle Felipe…
— What? What is it now?
— I heard that you and my dad used to be in a gang. Is that true?
— Who told you that, man? Your mother?
It wasn't a gang, we were just a group of friends.
— Did you do bad things?
— No no no, look, we just used to draw on stuff, play karate, borrow things, throw stuff, you know, run around at night, like Goonies.
— What's a Goonie?
— You never heard of Goonies before?!
[Verse 1: Immortal Technique]
I could've chose another life with the feds tryna get me
Little kids puttin' work in like at Gap and Disney
In the whip, high as shit like Bobby and Whitney
Grab your hand and push the motherfuckin' pedal to sixty
Harlem cops frisk me to get me to make their quotas
But I told ya "Siempre hay que separar las drogas"
Bar brawl in the club, poppin' and rockin' jaws
Shot it out, leavin' bullet holes the size of Matzoh balls
I love thick chicks, never fucked with a slim broad
Played soccer and hammered nails into their shin guards
Gambled at cee lo with Dominicans locked in the tombs
We was there for robbin' niggas for them Spanish doubloons
Remember Goonie-era graffiti of all sorts?
Now they wanna foreclose on the hood to build a golf course
I'll put your hand in a blender to make an entrée
Then cut your dick off and glue it back on the wrong way

[Hook: Immortal Technique]
All my revolutionary soldiers better ride
My word is mathematics, bitch, numbers never lie
So even if they tell you I'm dead, I'm still alive
Because, motherfucker, Goonies never die
Witness protection program, rappers better hide
I serve revenge out the freezer, niggas never slide
So if they tell you I'm gone and you safe, niggas lied
Because, motherfucker, Goonies never die
You might also like[Verse 2: Swave Sevah]
I'm a certified Goonie, the type to burglarize your crib
And leave it smellin' like sour and Afghan gooey
Life is a movie, but yours was filmed on a greener screen
I give you pure uncut raw, no deleted scenes
War with a broadsword, dumpin' a TEC-9
Slit your throat, give you a Colombian necktie
The best buy to get, we let die
Let fly the next guy to try some shit
Listen, a few words just to describe my clique
We like a gang of Spartans, walkin' on the Gaza Strip
Never say die it's time to fight and we never run
My Goonies rob niggas for jewelry
We call 'em treasure hunts
Let him front like he a tough guy with me
I'll hit him, slug turn him to One-Eyed Willy
Watery grave, hide your chips
I'll hijack your boat load and cruise away on my pirate ship

[Hook: Immortal Technique]
All my revolutionary soldiers better ride
My word is mathematics, bitch, numbers never lie
So even if they tell you I'm dead, I'm still alive
Because, motherfucker, Goonies never die
Witness protection program, rappers better hide
I serve revenge out the freezer, niggas never slide
So if they tell you I'm gone and you safe, niggas lied
Because, motherfucker, Goonies never die
[Verse 3: Diabolic]
Before Duncan Pinderhughes was runnin' with Doug E. Doug
My team got away with murder, we ain't fit the bloody glove
Those jungle breeds and we come to feed our hungry cubs
With hoes pullin' out our pipes
Like Goonies under country clubs
Let these funny thugs know whoever steps in Bolic's spot
Is gettin' crushed with solid rock like Chester Copperpot
I suggest the drama stops, I'll flood blocks with mustard gas
You're up shits creek in a rubber raft cut in half
Cross my fuckin' path, I dare you, I'll mangle who lit the fuse
Quick to lose my marbles like Mikey replacin' his with jewels
Watchin' y'all enslave the game, I'm forced to say the truth
Break the chains quick as Sloth reachin' for a Baby Ruth
We got 80 proof and whores in Daisy Dukes extra low
While fat bitches do the truffle shuffle just to get in shows
Fuck what your record sold! Respect the code and recognize
The rebel tribe that my people kept alive will never die

[Hook: Immortal Technique]
All my revolutionary soldiers better ride
My word is mathematics, bitch, numbers never lie
So even if they tell you I'm dead, I'm still alive
Because, motherfucker, Goonies never die
Witness protection program, rappers better hide
I serve revenge out the freezer, niggas never slide
So if they tell you I'm gone and you safe, niggas lied
Because, motherfucker, Goonies never die5Embed