What Can I Do? Lyrics
What can I do?
What can I do, to make it better?
Yeah, yeah

I thank the Lord, for every morning, he allows me to rise
And though the sun is shining, there's a cloud in the sky
Lettin' me know, that at any moment, there could be rain
And as beautiful as life is, there still can be pain
Down the park, I hear the sirens, just a screamin' away
And then the inevitable happens, the end of them days
As sad as it sounds, but that's the price we all gotta pay
And the whole world knows God giveth, will taketh away (will taketh away)
I live and I learn, I sit and watch my cigarette burn
Down to the ash, it reminds me of the now and the past
I say me a prayer, cause eventually I'll stand in the path
Of the souls and dark roads that lead to rest
Do you hear them, crying?
Waiting for someone to come and dry their tears (someone like you and me)
Take away their fears

And then a child is born
Bloody naked, clingin' to life
Unaware of his surroundings or if breathin' is right
In the arms of his mother as he looks in her eyes
He takes his first breath and he screams (baby's alive)
At the same time, another mother, murders her kids
And the unbearable thought of this here just brings me to tears
It's hard enough we gotta raise our kids to live in this world
So full of hate with no faith, and killin' your pearls
And sometimes, I sit it down, and wonder myself
But then again, I ain't Jesus, and I couldn't help
All I can do, is hope I never live with the fact
That I hurt one of my seeds ‘cause dealin’ with that
Would be the hardest thing, I’d ever have to do in my time
I'd have to take my own life too, and I couldn't climb
The stairway that you hear me singin' bout in my rhyme
And a parent hurtin' his kid ain't decidin' the time
I know it's truth, the next day, we just livin' to die
But I believe if you livin' right, you'll live in the sky
Lookin' down on the good and the bad, the world as a whole
And hopefully you did what you did, before you had to go
You might also like
Do you hear them, crying?
Waiting for someone to come and dry their tears
(someone to dry their tears) Take away their fears
Can I make it, better? (I want to make it better)
Can I ease the pain that they are goin' through? (they're through)
What can I do?
What can I do?

I say goodbye to you cruel world, I see peace in the red sky
I see the beast when the dead die, relief when my head’s high
Hear the streets up ahead cry, when the heat from the lead fly
Felt the grief when I said bye, 'fore the sheets on my bed dried
The turn of the table, the tale of the tape
The destruction of human flesh of the not so great
The long list of the John Doe’s that accompany the spirit
As the yells of the souls lost with hopes that god hears it
The resurrections of empty hearts crowd in the room
Muffled sounds of the outside echo the tomb, but I’m cool, I’m cool
(Kelly Price)
Do you hear me?
I'm cryin'

Do you hear them, crying? (x2 to fade)
Waiting for someone to come and dry their tears
(someone to dry their tears)
Take away their fears (take away their fears)
Can I make it, better? (gonna make it better)
Can I ease the pain that they are goin' through?
(everything they're goin' through) What can I do?
What can I do?1Embed