Coming 2 America Lyrics[Production by Bangladesh]

[Unnamed woman #1, Unnamed Man #1]
The royal penis is clean, your highness
(Thank you, king shit)

[Unnamed Woman #2]
Yeah, motherfuckers! Welcome to the United States of America! Time to roll out the red carpet on y'all bitch asses! Hailin from the filthy, dirty South, where the Kings lay: Ludacris; Disturbin' Tha Peace family. Recognize royalty when you hear it. The throne has been taken, so kiss this nigga's earring. Luda, throw some grapes on these peasants!

[Ludacris]
These bitches throwin' rose petals at my feet mayne!
They wanna spoil me, treatin' me like royalty;
What I'm 'sposed to do? It's such a sweet thang
Work that track, whip 'em like Kunta
That's why they stay down, they loyal citizens of Zamunda
By way of A-T-L; if you disagree
Don't even look at me ho don't pass go just go straight to jail
With no probation or bail, but this ain't Monopoly
It's Jolly Green Giants cause we smoke so much broccoli
Uh-oh, Spaghetti-O's! Luda's oodles of noodles
And testing me, is like pitbulls put up to poodles
My rap career goes back further than your father hairline
It's ludicrous - I pack more nuts than Delta Airlines
I'm fly, even when I get high I work cash
And even got my coach bumped up to first class
I'm boss to all employees - and I'm here to teach the principle
Cause I've been saved by mo' bells than Lark Voorhies
[Unnamed Man #2]
Man fuck that nigga 'Cris man, for real man. I'm tired of this shit man. Man I try to rap for the nigga, I try to get on a nigga tracks; he ain't hearin my shit. Man, for real! Man my four-year-old son can rap better than that nigga; man that nigga garbage. Man I got talent too, the nigga ain't hearin me. Man iii-iiiis this shit on? 'Cris, c'mon 'Cris. 'Cris, f'real man. FUCK YOU NIGGA, MAN FUCK YOU!

[Ludacris]
Fuck you too! What you wanna do?!
Scrawny nigga, but I got a arsenal of automatics down to .22s
Know how to use 'em, fight dirty as SHIT
I throw a grenade and all-in-one bury a CLIQUE
You see, y'all got it all wrong like women in tuxedos
And comin' up shorter than five Danny DeVitos
I'm on a cool ranch, get laid more than Fritos
With five strippers, four wives and three amigos
I go scuba divin in Bays at Montego
I find gold links and snatch 'em, like I'm Deebo
But I'm the light-skinte-ted version of Mandingo
I've seen more Beatles and Jagged Edges than Ringo
I used to run numbers in line they caled me BINGO
Cause I'm big, you a little star, you just twinkle
Old asses like sharpeis, y'all all wrinkled
And I stay with more BULLETS, than yo' Billboard singles
[Unnamed Man #3]
Ho, that is just too much! You just gotta give applause! He is definitely all f'real - yaseeI'msayin? Ha ha I be fuckin with him all the time, yahhmean? I'm sayin, I used to just serve homes herb, now how come through, he want 50's a purple. He want quarters a purple now. I want y'all to trip with it. Man, I done sold him a QP last week of the flava, yaseewhatI'msayin?

[Ludacris]
YE-AH, can I get a little hit of that, little nigga with a bigga sack
C.P. set a bigger trap look at that Godby Road and Old Nat
Where they kick it at? And a lot of people just don't know
Shady Park you heard just don't go
Quick to flip the bird up po'-po'
Makin the way for that rodeo, that rodeo show!
Gotta hit 'em with a reload, I gotta put 'em with the people
I gotta make a nigga stop, drop, roll - oh no where the beat go?
Bring that, shit back, didn't wanna hear that, clik-clak
Tons of fun with guns
Fuck all the lil' chit-chat get back get that get that
Who knows, who goes there? Motherfuckers it's Poppa Bear
Stop and stare; pourin out a lil' gasoline and then drop a flare
I'm on, FIRE! And you know I can't stop 'til I re-TIRE!
Oh no, we stay swoll, rollin on Vogue TIRES!
Right down the avenue, passin you rapidly stackin
In the back of the Cadillac and packin emergency action
Camera, LIGHT LIGHTS, throwin a punch and then FIGHT FIGHT
Packin a lunch and then BITE BITE, A-T-L stay TIGHT TIGHT
You might also like[Unnamed Man #4]
I'm just tryin to save ya shorty! I'mma let you know it's real down heah! When you ride down that 285 and you go past Cascade, get ready to go past that Campbellton Road 'fore you get it to Camp Creek, shorty, just shake; 'cause dat where dem real niggas at! I ain't lyin when you in Decatur and you flossin down Glenwood, Candler Road or Rainbow nigga, shaaaaaake, 'cause dat where dem real niggas at! When you're goin down that Ol' Nat Hill and you pass dat second Waffle House 'fore you get to the rich niggas, shaaake; 'cause dat where dem real niggas at! Matter of fact, just shake when ya get to Georgia, nigga!10Embed