Monster Lyrics[Hook]
The money turned me into a monster (Hah!)
The money turned my noodles into pasta (Hah!)
The money turned my tuna into lobster (Whoa!)
They want to do me, I maneuver like a mobster, whoa!

[Verse 1]
4 A.M., I'm on the north side of Philly
Riding around like these haters don't want to kill me
It's a shame how they hate on me, you gotta feel me
I started out with a dollar and got a milli
Jahlil Beats, holla at me!
I'm like, "Do it for the gram, ho! Do it for the gram, ho!"
She don't want to bust it, I say, "Do it for them bands, yo!"
I say, "Do it for them bands"
Fucking with that broke nigga, you should do it for your man
Lately, I've been on the low with a ho that you probably know
Took her to the crib and met momma right at the door
Momma started smiling like, "Momma, I gotta go"
I done took so many trophies to momma
My momma know her son a real nigga
I get that money, pay them bills, nigga
My momma told me, "You a real nigga"
And I be hanging with them real killers
Now, what a feeling
When you looking at the latest whip and knowing you can cop it
Or looking at the baddest bitch and knowing you could pop it
The youngest nigga in my city doing it, I got it
On that other line with Benjamin, and money is the topic, Lord!
[Hook]
The money turned me into a monster (Hah!)
The money turned my noodles into pasta (Hah!)
The money turned my tuna into lobster (Whoa!)
They want to do me, I maneuver like a mobster, whoa!

[Bridge]
I put my jeweler on his feet (On his feet)
Hundred thou, I used to do that every week (Every week)
Never sleep, it's funny how it never speak (Never speak)
You see a foreign in my city, that was Meek, whoa!

[Verse 2]
That was us, never sweet (Never sweet)
We went to war, niggas riding down the street (Brr-r-r!)
Popping that pistol they talking they never deep (Never deep)
Dropping that nickel out something with leather seats
I've been sitting on that money like a chair (Like a chair)
I've been getting to that money all year (All year)
All year and my niggas all here
But we started from the bottom, we was selling hard squares
Baddest bitch in the game wearing my chain, I'm ready
Switching lanes in that Mulsanne like Andretti (Skrt!)
I do the Balmain, Balenciaga, no Giuseppe
If they sleep on Meek Milly, I kill these niggas like I'm Freddy, oh!
I eat that pussy like a monster (Monster)
She gon' ride the dick, she need a sponsor (Ah!)
You could tell I'm Philly from my posture (You know!)
And we be whipping coca like it's pasta, whoa!
I be all money (All money)
Two milli, four milli—no, I need more money (More money)
I get that "see a bad bitch and be like, 'How you doing?'" money
They like, "How you doing, honey?" OH!
You might also like[Hook]
The money turned me into a monster (Hah!)
The money turned my noodles into pasta (Hah!)
The money turned my tuna into lobster (Whoa!)
They want to do me, I maneuver like a mobster, whoa!

[Bridge]
I put my jeweler on his feet (On his feet)
Hundred thou, I used to do that every week (Every week)
Never sleep, it's funny how it never speak (Never speak)
You see a foreign in my city, that was Meek, whoa!87Embed