Get At Me Dog Lyrics[Intro: DMX & Sheek Louch]
Yeah, I'm right here, dog
Where my dogs at?
We right here, dog
Where my dogs at?
I'm right here, dog

[Verse 1: DMX]
What must I go through to show you shit is real?
And I ain't really never gave a fuck how niggas feel
Rob and I steal, not 'cause I want to, 'cause I have to
And don't make me show you what the MAC do
If you don't know by now, then you slippin'
I'm on some bullshit that's got me jackin', niggas flippin'
Let my man and them stay pretty, but I'ma stay shitty
Cruddy, it's all for the money, is you with me?
Get the bitches and I'll commit the crime
When it's on, we transform like Optimus Prime
I'll form the head, roll out, let's make it happen
If we ain't gonna get it with them, we'll take your cap
Bustin' off, dustin' off the softest niggas
Money with the biggest mouth, yo, let's off this nigga
Up north, this nigga never made a sound
Breathe too fuckin' hard and you're gettin' bust down
[Chorus: Sheek Louch & DMX]
Yo, yo, y'all niggas wanna be killers? (Get at me, dog)
Y'all niggas wanna feel us? (Get at me, dog)
Y'all niggas want the real (Get at me, dog)
What, yeah (What the deal?)
Y'all niggas wanna be killers? (Get at me, dog)
Y'all niggas wanna feel us? (Get at me, dog)
Y'all niggas want the real (Get at me, dog)
What, yeah (What the deal?)

[Verse 2: DMX]
Nowadays, it ain't lookin' too good for certain niggas
I'm hurtin' niggas (What you doin'?)
Robbin' niggas, jerkin' niggas, stickin' niggas
'Cause they deserve it; when money got murdered
They know he died slow 'cause they heard it
The nigga ain't blew up the spot a while
And the motherfucker ain't got shot in a while (You know)
It just takes a light up to fuck the night up (Yeah)
Blow everything in sight up (Boom)
Fuck around and I'll have your ass right up (haha)
He makes up some shit, he wasn't able to stand
I got shit that'll disable a man with the wave of a hand
The days are longer and it seems like I'm facin' time
I've got a lot of dreams, but I'm not really chasin' mine
I soak it all up like a sittin' fly 'cause nowadays, gettin' by
Is nothin' more than an occasional meal and gettin' high
I live to die, that's where I'm headed
Let your man hold somethin', now it's all about you can get it
You might also like[Chorus: Sheek Louch & DMX]
Y'all niggas wanna be killers? (Get at me, dog)
Y'all niggas wanna feel us? (Get at me, dog)
Y'all niggas want the real (Get at me, dog)
What, yeah, yeah, come on (What the deal?)

[Verse 3: DMX]
One in the back left your faggot ass face down
Lucky that you breathin', but you dead from the waist-down
The fuck is on your mind? Talkin' that shit that you be talkin'
And I bet you wish you never got hit 'cause you'd be walkin'
But shit happens and fuck it, you done did your dirt
Niggas is wonderin' how the fuck you hid your skirt
Right under their eyes like a surprise to the guys
That one of their mans was a bitch in disguise
I'm fuckin' with cats that order more hits and slaughter more kids
Let me holla at you, youngin', Baltimore shit (Oh)
Nah'mean? I'm just robbin' to eat
And there's at least a thousand of us like me mobbin' the street
When we starvin', we eat whatever's there
Come on, you know the code in the street; whatever's fair
Blood stains and chalk, means your man couldn't walk
After the talk about him not bein' on 11-33 to New York
Transformin'-ass niggas'll get it quick
And yo, for real, that nigga K can suck my dick
And it's gon' take all these niggas in the rap game to barely move me
'Cause when I blow shit up, I have niggas fallin' like white bitches in a scary movie
Ah! You know I don't know how to act
Get too close to niggas, it's like, "Protected by Viper, stand back"
What's this? I thought you niggas was killers, demented
The fuck you want me to do with this coward?
Finish him, it's ended
[Outro]
Yo, you holdin'? (No doubt, man)
I'm holdin', you holdin'
Yo, let's ride, nigga, yo
Come on, yo, we goin' to the mess hall with this shit
Fuck that, hold up, hold up, hold up, man, I gotta
Yo, man, shut the fuck up man, you ain't sayin' shit, bitch
You ain't hold—, you holdin'? (I got the aux, son)
Yo, 'cause I'm seein' this cat
I'm seein' this cat up in here, man (Yo)
The nigga, the nigga, the nigga just came in
Talkin' all this hardcore shit what he was doin' at the other jail
You know what I'm sayin'? (Fuck all that, man)
Yo, check it, I don't give a fuck (I ain't with all that problems, man)
Yo, listen, man, 'cause you, you just be talkin' shit, man
Hold up, ayo, why, why you always wanna suspect everybody, man?
You suspect, man, you supect, yo, just chill (You know what I mean?)
Yo, y'all niggas ridin'? (Aw man)
Yo, we gon' take this nigga on a ride (Yeah, straight up)
Straight, rough ride
Yo, let's go, let's get the fuck up out of here
Yo, man, shut the fuck up, dog
Yo, come on, yo
Yo, what's up, nigga? (What up)
What you mean "what's up, nigga," you don't know me
Yo, hold up79Embed