Holla Lyrics[Intro]
Yeah, yeah
This shit sound like... One, two o'clock in the mornin' with the full moon out
Niggas in they trucks, creepin'
With a fresh box of ecstasy pills for these bitches

[Verse 1]
Yeah, team select, please collect, Gs connect
Thieves, nigga, direct the trees to the SmokeFest
Wanna take a toke? (Yes!)
The newest zone I'm in
I'm like Smithsonian, nigga, fuck it, call me Napoleon
Wave the torch, cut the head off the Leviathan
The terminology I'm rhymin' in cause a frenzy up in Ireland
Hit ya, I'm gon' get ya
And drop the bomb scripture at your barmitzvah
Yo, map shit out, blast through the speakers
With a wifebeater on, Bushe velour, a new pair of sneakers
Street niggas hang on the sidewalk
That's where I learned my fly talk, pimp strut, and how to skywalk
Moderatin' how we establish the whole Conglomerate
The way we honor it, you'll never conquer it
See how we wreck has a global effect on even Polish people
Young and restless down to the old and feeble
Peep them, Czechoslovakian to Yugoslavian niggas
Be all into my bounce so don't be botherin', niggas
So NOW you should feel the whole cathedralish bounce
Put one in your stomach leave you in a fetalish crouch, nigga
My vernacular is spectacular
Strategic plans'll have you lookin wacker than a postal office massacre
Is that so? Make moves just like a fatso
Bounce in a minivan Astro after my gat (Blow!)
[Hook]
Ayo, get up, get out, get dough
(Ha, get dough, nigga)
Roll up, light up, and smoke that 'dro
(Smoke 'dro now)
Bitch, shake yo' hips and bounce real slow
Niggas, rep yo' hood, I'm with that
All my niggas
(All my niggas)
If you with me
(If you with me)
Yeah, I see you
(Yeah)
Holla
(Throw yo' guns in the motherfuckin air, c'mon!)
All my bitches, if you're with me
(Yeah, all my bitches where you at now)
Yeah, I see you
(You know I see y'all)
Holla
(Yeah)

[Verse 2]
My whole entire mind state deeper—
Than astronomy and mathematics like Galileo
Smash you niggas like mashed potato
Back when niggas used to rock Ballys and Clarks
I used to watch, little niggas shouldn't hustle nickel crack in the park
Barrels spray the brighter flame in the dark
Blood-spill stain on the street, that's how niggas be leavin' they mark
Fuckin' with diplomats who love Bailey's
Monopolize and quickly get other money fuckin' with Israelis
So solid how we be symbolic
To a handful of niggas that be all schemin' on the same wallet
Them type niggas that be conspirin' and kidnappin'
Shit happens! Gun clap for you in the gift wrappin'
You should follow how the style switch up
Like a group of religious niggas schemin' to kill they archbishop
You big, pussy nigga, actin' all hard
Call me atheist, because I don't believe in you, God
It's like a grand feast, celebratin' the bounce of the century
I tote the recipe quick for any type of discrepancy
Busta Rhymes, the great renaissance artist and architect
Like how a Filippo Brunelleschi portrait is so hard to get
We got the obscure shit for the street
Nevertheless, we split your head and your chest, now rock to the beat
Yo, we got the obscure shit for the street
Nevertheless, we split your head and your chest, now rock to the beat
You might also like[Hook]
Ayo, get up, get out, get dough
(Ha)
Roll up, light up, and smoke that 'dro
(Get dough, smoke 'dro, muh'fuckers!)
Bitch, shake yo' hips and bounce real slow
(Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!)
Niggas, rep yo' hood, I'm with that
All my niggas
(Yeah, all my niggas)
If you with me
(If you with me, c'mon!)
Yeah, I see you
(Yeah, know I see y'all)
Holla
(Throw yo' motherfuckin' guns in the sky, c'mon!)
All my bitches, if you're with me
(All my bitches where you at, yaknow I see y'all)
Yeah, I see you
(Yeah! Yeah!)
Holla
(Holla at me, now, c'mon!)

[Outro]
Yeah
Busta Rhymes, cookin' up a little brown stew 'n' chicken
Dr. Dre, niggas
Yeah
[Skit: Wife-in-law]
Yeah, I understand that you're not happy, but that's your wife, and I'm your mistress, so you gotta go back home. But before you do, let me swallow you. Let me lick you in all the right places. I want you to cum all over me, and when you do, I'll bathe you. And then we'll get out the tub, and we'll fuck, and I'll lick your ass, and I'll braid your hair, and you can fuck me anyway you please. We can do almost anything, but once we're finished, and you're happy here, you have to go back home to your wife. But don't you ever forget that I'm your wife in law...

[Produced by Dr. Dre]5Embed