Kendrick You Next Lyrics[Intro: 2Pac Interview]
So, okay, you want to see some macho shit? I’m the most macho nigga out here. I'm the most.. I thought you niggas knew, I’m the most thuggish nigga out here. I have no mothafuckin’ fear… I have no fear, I have only ambition, and I want mine, and I will do anything to protect and feed my family

[Intro: Meek Mill]
Take money!
Yeah! Take money! Haha
Unh!

[Verse 1: Meek Mill]
First off, fucked your bitch, nigga, get a blood test
You a upset, nigga, where the love at?
When we talking 'bout Philly, know I fucking run that
Same place I've been up corners you can never come back
You fraud nigga, ball like I'm Chrissy Paul, nigga
I cross niggas, when you hate it 'cause you lost, nigga
You soft nigga, then you disrespect a boss, nigga
You dissin' to get you on, that'll get you off nigga
Broad nigga, and you was screamin' "come to my hotel"
Nigga, we was slingin work out the motel!
No scale, Barry Reese, I know you so well
I caught your chick, I pulled that bitch like she a coat tail
Let's keep it trilla, you ain't never make a dope sale
You ain't never played that corner--make a coke sale
On a late night, swimmin with the great whites
You was rockin' durags, big tees, fake Mikes
Boy you had a wild week, shoppin' on Canal Street
Same place you bought your fake chain and your time-piece
How we gon' believe you? Nigga I should lead you!
Talkin' "PC," that was never Beanie Sigel!
That was never ME, why you lying to the people?
I was locked down, still doing shit illegal
Running around in jail like, "I ain't give a hell," when
You was on PC, locking it with males
[Interlude: Meek Mill]
And I ain't got time for this shit, let me get another one

[Verse 2: Meek Mill]
23 and 1 never get to see the sun
Had to get a glass visit just so you could see your son
Took a deal on your homie, 'cause you couldn't beat the gun
They was tryna give you life, man, you know that wasn't right
Then you left him in the hood, on his head, he had a price
You ain't even give a call, other niggas shot him twice
Niggas trynna get a buzz off my name for some likes
Dead rapper, I'm at you, I'mma give you one tonight
Ca-ssidy! Boy, you so trash to me
Do the math I dissed you, that's subtract to me
You ain't poppin, what the fuck could you add to me?
You just another dead body, another casualty
I'm in the streets, so I do this beat casually
And I ain't even write this shit, why you mad at me?
Cause you nursery rhyming, flow perfectly timing
And I'm giving gas, I'm in the Aston, one Swizzy's designing
Now beat it, I know you're heated but I know you need it
I got that Justin Bieber please believe it, nigga I know you see it
They play piano at your viewing, let Alicia key it
I asked Swizzy "could she do it?" he said "nigga, beat it"
Swizz don't fuck with you, Melo didn't either
You fucked that check up, you bit the hand that feed you
And you was 6 feet, you got me digging deeper
Hold up, let's switch the beat, so I can spit some "Ether!"
You might also like[Interlude: Meek Mill]
Oh shit! You purple-dickie wearing-, durag-, over-sized fitted-, fake Air 1-wearing nigga!
[Verse 3: Meek Mill]
I say, come on with your soft ass, all you niggas all trash
Couldn't bet a 100 grand, nigga, that's a small tab
I'mma hit him where it hurs, this gon' make his dog mad
'Cause this verse gon' hit this nigga harder than that car crash
That you should've died in, I'm mad that you survived it
But I came to murder you and have you scuba diving
Swimming with the fishes, all you niggas is bitches
Dick riders, knocking on the wood, superstitious
Pause that, I'm all that, I'm really in the trenches
And when I see you, nigga, I'mma have you jumping fences
Cutting through the alleys, you must be on the molly
Sniffing all that white shit and fucking with that Bobby
Come to your hotel and meet you in the lobby
Just to Worldstar you and do you just like Tommy...
Hearns did Martin, I burn in the Martin
That Aston when I start it like a lion when it's roaring
Boy you lying, you ain't touring, you can't even get a show
Shit you like a pound of reggie, they can get you for the low
And I'm like a brick of Diesel, it cost 60 for the flow
You ain't a gangsta, you a wanksta, nigga, 50 even know, whoa!
[Verse 4: Meek Mill]
You say you a gangsta, but you never pop nothing
And you locked your homie out when you heard the cops coming
Rapping for a long time, nigga, you ain't got nothing
You ain't wanna battle Mook neither, nigga, stop fronting
Damn, homie, in high school, you was the man, homie
Fuck happened to you?
You had a doghouse with a doghouse in the backyard?
Now you living in a doghouse in the backyard?
Nigga, I was broke then, now I got Black Card
Your career maxed out, your shit like a MAC card
Easy, nigga, I talk greasy, nigga
And I'mma stunt on Instagram just to tease you, nigga
Couple months we at the funeral
I swear to God that shit was beautiful
Five-X tees, durag's, the usual
Your mama screaming like "Cassidy what they do to you?" OH!
[Outro: Meek Mill]
And this shit called "Kendrick You Next"
I'm just on some shit this time around, everybody get it
You say my name, I give you a thousand, it's just that simple
Meek Milly! Enuff, what up?30Embed