Makin’ It Blend Lyrics
Uh...
Abstract, Queens cat, what we lookin' at?
Sixth sense, too immense, smellin' is the fact
Out here, you got your shiesty cats stabbin' back for some track
Until we take it back, you prob'ly won't be feelin' rap

Wordsworth, Brooklynite, what it lookin' like?
5 senses, 9 inches, 5 foot in height
Out here, you got ya crooks and heists shook and shiest, look alike
Payed off the books from dice, good lookin' and hookin' tight
Us, you, they and them
Yo! Her and him
We make it blend, I say we makin' it blend
Yo! Uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-uh
C'mon!

Back when I came out, first joint I hit it out
New styles to talk 'bout, new ground to walk about
Still breakin' shit wit' the hammer of Thor, god
Bigger than Asgard, hittin' ya ass hard
Act it out 'cause there's no time to word shit
You never win wit' Wordsworth the wordsmith

The verse gets tighter every second the earth twists
Heard it's Q-Tip and Words' — you had to purchase
Prefer this, now wait a minute, what's that I heard skip?
Nerves twitch, played this so much, it's probably your third disc
On purpose, at your service, basement to surface
Learn this — how can you rehearse somethin' that's perfect?

Isn't it funny when you use your favorite pen
And get your rhyme pad, write shit that's truly bad?
Embarrass yourself, make a fuckin' mockery
End the hypocrisy, you never toppin' me
I'm the monopoly, in jail is your cacophonies of unfair policies
In there you're rottin', B
You hit the lottery, well, then you spottin' me
I'm extortin' you of all your natural bodilies
You might also like
A-yo, it gotta be the way I respond that makes you honor me
Song hittin', award winnin' — y'all just the nominees
Play it safe, I'll arrange your wake
My paper mate will have my label mate's album released a later date
Police patrol the city 'til I'm as old as 50
Hat back, clothes won't fit me, causin' 5-0 to frisk me
My hands are ammunition, banned like contraband in prison
I'm who you wanna be, blowin' out your candles wishin'

Makin' it, makin' it blend
Yo! Makin' it blend
Makin' it, makin' it blend
Yo! Makin' it blend
Makin' it, makin' it blend
Yo! Makin' it blend
Makin' it, makin' it blend
Make, makin' it blend

Yo, I like a woman wit' a bangin' body, the face and frame of Halle
Attitude — angry, snotty
Speaks slang and cocky
Time to hang? Ain't gotta bring a posse
Through rainy days she got me, like Whitney stay wit' Bobby
Yo, your cake is in the kitchen, your wishful premonition
Is turned around by my firm thoughts of demolition
It's time to numb your run and dim your vision
It's time to give up the hopes and dreams of major acquisition

Ain't got a drop-top that goes 0 to 60
But after shows, ladies drop tops and show they titties
Across the globe, you can't oppose, it's risky
Or even go against me
I'm Words', so every time that you flow, you spit me

We in the asphalt, you cause your last fall
Insult to injury is when we curse the salt
Douse the open wound to the tomb
It's time to sit back and watch professionals in full bloom

Us, you, they and them
Yo! Her and him
We make it blend I say we makin' it blend
Yo! Uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-uh
C'mon!2Embed