Can’t Go Wrong Lyrics[Verse 1: Kurupt]
The reason that I'm here, I'mma drop 'til it's clear
Let off...K's to front, middle and rear
Switches couldn't switch like these switches a day
Just to sit and sippin' and dippin' all over the ways
That they ears and chairs, dis on this years
Cokes drippin' off juice and gins
As a matter of fact, takes matter of fact
To duplicate the great, y'all get played like a sax
Trumpet or trombone...
Too shotty Young Gotti, millennium bone
If she raggedly, I'm sendin' 'em home
Puttin' 10 in the chrome, lettin' all ten to the dome
It don't quit (don't quit), it don't stop (don't stop)
Let the beat knock (the beat knock)
Let the beat knock (the beat knock)
Pull up at the spot, pull up at the stop
In a drop top gettin' what I got, I just...
[Hook: Butch Cassidy]
Can't go wrong, releasing all my thoughts through songs
Don't give a damn on the real, I'll say just what I feel
Don't matter what you say, I'll never stop, I'll bust all day
No time for delay, I'll do it my way

[Verse 2: Kurupt]
(Kurupt, what up?) I'mma drop 'til it's clear
In these ravines and ponds, it's Vietnam time
Tossin' C-notes, the "Magnificent Magneto"
Dippin' through, comin' like ay!
Don't expect nothin' less, D's gleam on the tray
All night and all day, it's the best in a 2001 SS
It's the prince of the West
I ain't tryna do much, tryna do too much
I ain't even really trippin'
It's just me, Snoopy and Quik and
Someone like you with the biggest mouth to put a dick in
Most of y'all malfunction like faulty equipment
Shifted, drifted, different, uplifted
Kurupt Young Gotti, just call me Paul Vitti
With the skirts from Tahiti workin' at the mall
With young Roscoe, you fool and hostile
I just tuck my roscoe, the Apostle's colossal, I...

[Hook: Butch Cassidy + (Kurupt)]
Can't go wrong, releasing all my thoughts through songs
(Just don't stop)
Don't give a damn on the real, I'll say just what I feel
(Bounce them switches)
Don't matter what you say, I'll never stop, I'll bust all day
(Cause I'mma bust all day)
No time for delay, I'll do it my way (Yeah)
You might also like[Verse 3: DJ Quik]
Yes
1, 2, fuck wit my crew
And we won't stop poppin' 'til ya body turn blue
3, 4, look at that whore
With the fat ass, but without the cash, hit the door
The reason that I'm here: Kurupt done bought the beer
I'mma lush, lookin' for the kush
Lookin' for the bush to push and mush back
I'd hump the ho if she ain't been needin' a douche bag
No, must've been the coochie with hair that's pushed back
In a bun lookin' fun
Gettin' silly with my celly from Philly
Brought to you by way of 2-1's
We smuggle in and out of the place our two guns
Courtesy of Q-U-I, Dogg Pound collabos, yup
We stab hoes in the bladder actin' bad with the mad hoes
Get out! Yeah! Look here!
We started this pussy shit (No shit)
And these the mothafuckin' hoes we get? Come on!

[Hook - 2x: Butch Cassidy]
Can't go wrong, releasing all my thoughts through songs
Don't give a damn on the real, I'll say just what I feel
Don't matter what you say, I'll never stop, I'll bust all day
No time for delay, I'll do it my way
[Intro to On, Onsite: Xzibit]
Aight y'all this a mothafuckin' public service announcement
From Mr. X to tha mothafuckin' Z Xzibit
My homeboy Kurupt, to all you half ass mothafuckas comin' around
Pussy ass niggas! tryin' to see what's up wit my homboy
And see what's up wit me, nigga is he this, is he that
Nigga I'm a mothafuckin' killa and it's like this nigga
If I had a doller fo' every time you bitch ass niggas
Came around and didn't do shit, I'll be a billionaire right now
Put up or shut up mothafuckas, it's like this, it's on, onsite

[*Xzibit scrieking*]Embed