Bubble Music Lyrics[Verse 1]
Killa, uhh, uhh
Mommy all on me 'cause I'm touching her belly
I'm on butter Pirellis
Whip purple and yellow, hello
That's butter and jelly
I flip butter on cellies
All right in front of the deli
Holly, Lilly, to Kelly all spent ones on the telly
(And what else) and I got hella gear
My earring is nice, the price:
Three town homes in Delaware
Uh, tomato Porsche looking like tomato sauce
Hip hop hooray, I got to get that yayo off
That's blocks to the ave, cops come blocking the ave
I put the Glock in the stash, slabs and tops in the trash
Still stop and I laugh; ma, get them rocks in your ass
The rest? Twat in ya bag, dag, hop in a cab
Play you, for what? You gonna play yourself
Ain't nobody gon' pay you like you pay yourself
And my way to the wealth was SK, AK, mayday, payday
Dog, don't play with your health
[Chorus]
Mami... she open, she open
Jump off... hoping, I'm hoping
Grab her... rope 'em and dope 'em
Oral... choke 'em and choke 'em
I flip bundle to bundle, trying to double my double
At the same time [music I bubble]
But the cops say I'm [looking for trouble]

[Verse 2]
I get fresh from Yankee stadium to the garden
I beg your pardon, stop it
My closet: Macy's men's department
Pants, shirts, scarf, phone if you check it
Get the scoop on the cologne, belt, and shoe section
Fur for fur, baby; baby, you'll go stir crazy
Got that David Yurman burning, the bird gazey
You'll get hurt, play me
Burp, let the dirt chase me
Every third lady that flirt, want my chirp lately
I know some RN's that still strip
When I and this real dick in the clinic
Nurse suit and heels, shit
Better than college, after that, students home
At least after your bid, ain't no student loans
To pay back, jack, ask, "What do you condone?"
Hit towns with coke, a .45 blue as chrome
They done juiced my dome, knock knock, "are you at home?"
I'm Macaulay; girls call the crib and ask, "are you alone?"
Killa
You might also like[Chorus]
Mami... she open, she open
Jump off... hoping, I'm hoping
Grab her... rope 'em and dope 'em
Oral... choke 'em and choke 'em
I flip bundle to bundle, trying to double my double
At the same time [music I bubble]
But the cops say I'm [looking for trouble]

[Verse 3]
We race foreign cars, custom models
Drop top mustard Tahoe
We like the musketeers, trained by Cus D'amato
Just the model, a dozen hollows is tough to swallow
Watch Sanford and Son, I'm like the buzz in Rollo
Fortunado, the Porsche Apollo, wars'll follow
Got the MAC jack, still swing swords like Zorro
We jacking and clapping, y'all just applaud like "bravo!"
Now applaud the Capo, Zeek and Santana
I don't raise her wrists, I keep eighths of piff
The game's a chick; I'm Kobe, I'ma rape the bitch
Razor grips, laser spit
Glock cocked; J or fifth?
D on the block just like Jadakiss
Haters shift, plead the fifth
Spray the fifth, gator kicks
Matrix, major chips
I'm your favorite, Killa... Dipset
[Chorus]
Mami... she open, she open
Jump off... hoping, I'm hoping
Grab her... rope 'em and dope 'em
Oral... choke 'em and choke 'em
I flip bundle to bundle, trying to double my double
At the same time [music I bubble]
But the cops say I'm [looking for trouble]1Embed