Raw Lyrics[Intro]
I'm coming!
I'm coming!
I'm coming!
I'm coming!
I'm coming!

[Verse 1]
Here I am, R-A-W
A terrorist, here to bring trouble to
Phony MC's, I move on and seize
I just conquer and stomp another rapper with ease
Cause I'm at my apex and others are below
Nothing but a milliliter, I'm a kilo
Second to none, making MC's run
So don't try to step to me, cause I ain't the one
I relieve rappers just like Tylenol
And they know it, so I don't see why you all
Try to front, perpetrating a stunt
When you know that I'll smoke you up like a blunt
I'm genuine like Gucci, raw like sushi
To stage a rage is what rap did to me
To make me want to create chaos and mayhem
Cold rock a party until the A.M
I'll make a muscle, grab the mic and hustle
While you stand dazed and amazed, I bust a
Little rhyme with authority, superiority
And captivate the whole crowd's majority
The rhymes I use definitely amuse
Better than Dynasty, or Hill Street Blues
I'm sure to score adored for more without a flaw
'Cause I get raw
[Verse 2]
Give a speech like a reverend, rappers start severing
And in my lifetime, believe I've never been
Beaten, or eaten and just tooken out
You know, come to think about it, I keep MC's looking out
And real nervous when I'm at your service
So give me that title, boy, you don't deserve this
I work like a slave to become a master
And when I say a rhyme, you know that it has to
Be perfectly fitted, cause I'm committed
The entertainer and trainer and Kane'll get with it
I go and flow and grow to let you know
I damage ya I'm not an amateur but a pro-
-fessional unquestionable without doubt superb
So full of action, my name should be a verb
My voice will float on every note
When I clear my throat, that's all she wrote!
The minute that the Kane starts to go on
Believe it's gonna be smooth sailing so on
As I put other rappers out of their misery
Get them in a battle and make them all history
Ruling and schooling MC's that I'm dueling
Watch them all take a fall as I sit back cooling
On my throne, with a bronze microphone
Hmm, God bless the child that can hold his own
'Cause I get raw
You might also like[Break]
Ain't it good to you?
Ain't it good to you?
Ain't it good to you?

[Verse 3]
Twenty-four sev chilling, killing like a villain
The meaning of raw is Ready And Willing
To do whatever is clever, take a loss, never
And the rhymes I bust, coming off is a must
And I come off hard with rhymes that are odd
I rip the microphone and leave it scarred
Never smoking or hitting or taking a sniff
Only crushing MC's that be trying to riff
I get strong and titanic, do work like a mechanic
Make MC's panic, they all get frantic
And skeptic, like a girl on a contraceptive
As I rock but hey, what you expected?
I'll get raw for you just like a warrior
Rapping like a samurai and I'll be damned if I
Ever let a Fisher-Price MC hang
Their rhymes are toy, nothing but yin-yang
So if we battle on the microphone
Bring your own casket and tombstone
And I'mma preach your funeral
Tell me who in the world could ever come with more
I get rawEmbed