Servin Lyrics[Intro]
Who it is?
Who is this?
Oh that's whatcha-ma-call-it
Nigga, this Guwop, nigga
Oh, oh that's Guwop
Shut the fuck up, nigga
Slap the shit out you, nigga
I said it's Guwop, nigga
Turn up
Ayy man
Keep it pimpin'
[Verse 1]
I think one too many blunts today (What the fuck?)
Too many beers now I’m drunk today (You hear me?)
I drunk a pint of lean so I'm wasted mayne
I got that gangsta in, nigga, you can taste it, mane
I'm servin' (Huh?), I'm servin' (Huh?)
All of my niggas be servin' (Bricksquad)
Pull up to the curb, curb service (What you want?)
Whatchu want nigga? We working (Yeah, we got it)
I’m servin (Huh?), I'm servin (Wop)
Come through in my Bentley, I’m swerving (Skrrt, swerve)
Hoes say I look better in person (Yeah, Guwop)
Maybach, I'ma close the fuckin curtains (Wop)

[Interlude]
What's happnin'? (Huh?)
It's Guwop
The legend (Huh?)
Shout out to Zone 6
It's Big Gucci (Huh?)
Diamonds hittin' so hard
You see me
I know you hear me
That strong in, I know you smell me
Y'all niggas some fuck niggas, I know you tellin'
And I don't need ya, 'cause I'm a felon
You might also like[Verse 2]
Touch down in ya city, where the pass at (Where the pass?)
Where the pass at? You make a nigga laugh, Black (Laughing)
Need a pass for you, nigga, you'll get blast at (Baow)
You just a mid-grade nigga like my last pack (Package)
I'm just a money makin' nigga you can call ASCAP (Wow)
You waiting on me to fall, you need to wait on your income tax check
I got so much money, I left the mall with every damn bitch
And for the Panthers raise your arm up then you make a balled fist (Panthers)
They moved my nigga so far away 'cause they say he was high risk (Free my niggas)
His folks can't even come down to see him, barely can pay they damn rent (Church)
And now he frustrated, incarcerated, and it got us all tense (Tense)
And if them folks try to give me forty, I'ma jump the damn fence (Go)

[Chorus]
I'm chargin 3900 for it, I got them bags in (Got them bags)
850, you know I got that swag in (Damn)
I got that Mexican weed, them bricks, you know that trash shit (That Reg')
And all you gotta do is drive this shit to Athens (Go)
Bricksquad in this bitch, we known for takin' (Yeah)
I got a couple more 'dem squares they going to Macon (Come fuck with me)
I'ma stop by Savannah, then Augusta (Augusta)
And I'm a multimillionaire, but I'm from Custer (Wop)

[Verse 3]
These niggas tryna hold me back but a nigga can't never hold me back (Nah)
Gucci Mane, I'ma get up, I'ma walk 'round and I'ma get me a stack (Yeah)
Walk around with these thigh pads, damn, my nigga that my bad (Walla)
That you broke so damn fast, had the same chance that I had
You feel bad but I'm not sad, you can talk trash but I moved on
Three homes, ten phones, tell me where did it go wrong?
All the money that I have aka that’s my stash (Mine)
Nigga try to take my cash, bet the nigga gon' die fast (Yeah)
50 bands in the brand new pants, take 5000 and I wipe my ass
Gucci Mane, fear no man, I’m a tough guy like Conan (It's Gucci)
Mojo, my right hand and Unit was our dope man
And R.I.P. to my dope man, I know he lookin' down from Heaven
[Chorus]
I'm chargin 3900 for it, I got them bags in (Got them bags)
850, you know I got that swag in (Damn)
I got that Mexican weed, them bricks, you know that trash shit (That Reg')
And all you gotta do is drive this shit to Athens (Go)
Bricksquad in this bitch, we known for takin' (Yeah)
I got a couple more 'dem squares they going to Macon (Come fuck with me)
I'ma stop by Savannah, then Augusta (Augusta)
And I'm a multimillionaire, but I'm from Custer (Wop)4Embed