Curve Lyrics[Intro: Gucci Mane & The Weeknd]
Huh, it's Gucci
XO (Yeah), 1-0 (Yeah), 1-7 (Yeah)
Brr, brr
(Go)

[Verse 1: The Weeknd & Gucci Mane]
The kid back on the whiskey
Virginia Black got me tipsy
I'm in L.A. like I'm Nipsey
Spanish girls wanna kiss me
A nigga wanna come and diss me
And put a hex like a gypsy
They kill themselves, no wrist bleed
Got suicides on my SV
She do it all for the Fendi
She do it all for the Gucci (Gucci!)
Baby girl wanna choose me
She wanna use and abuse me (Uh)
I know she wanna text me (Wow)
I know she wanna sex me
Fifty thou' make her neck freeze
Fuck her once like, "Next, please"
My nigga, who would've thought? (Huh?)
My nigga, who would've thought now?
I'll be right back at the top now
I'll be right back at the top now
I got your girl on my finger
Blowin' my phone like she's single
Blowin' my phone like I'm Cee-Lo (Damn)
Somebody needs to come get her
[Chorus: The Weeknd & Gucci Mane]
Like, "Woo," with the curve (With the curve)
I know you don't deserve it, know you don't deserve it
I got that work
I know you want the Birkin, baby, are you worth it?
With the curve (With the curve)
I know you don't deserve it, know you don't deserve it
I got that work (With the, with the, with the)
I need to know for certain (It's Gucci!)
Tell me, are you worth it?

[Verse 2: Gucci Mane]
Say I, a star was born last night
Way you showed out on that dick, girl, you performed last night
That's why you deserve that first-class flight
Buh-bye, 'cause I just quenched your thirst last night
I'm in Dubai
Somebody tell the prince that the kingpin has arrived
If I lived over here, I'd probably have one hundred wives (Damn!)
Walkin' in the club and they like, "Gucci just arrived" (Gucci!)
I ordered up a dub and then I threw it in the sky
I told her I'm a'ight, now she look like she surprised (I'm a'ight)
She look like a model, but a devil in disguise
Bum, bum-bum-bum, I feel like Rocky in his prime (Bum, bum-bum-bum, bum)
You know you came to fuck, so why the fuck we wastin' time?
I got the kind of wood that make a woman lose her mind
I'm young, rich and handsome, baby, I'm one of a kind
Just keep it real with me, baby, it won't cost you a dime
I know you got expensive taste and I don't even mind
You might also like[Chorus: The Weeknd & Gucci Mane]
Like, "Woo," with the curve (With the curve)
I know you don't deserve it, know you don't deserve it (No)
I got that work (Got that, got that, got that)
I know you want the Birkin, baby, are you worth it?
With the curve (With the curve, it's Gucci!)
I know you don't deserve it, know you don't deserve it (Hell no)
I got that work (With the, with the, with the, with the)
I need to know for certain, tell me, are you worth it?
(You need to know Wop!)38Embed