I Shoulda Used a Rubba Lyrics[Chorus]
I shoulda used a rubber, before I went up in it
And then ya monkey ass won't be sittin in a clinic
[Big L]
Ayyo, one hot summer night after ballin hard
I went to the phone booth with my callin card
And called up Joel, yeah you know L
I told her come to the crib, yo mother fuck a hotel
She said she was gonna come at ten
The bitch came, but one problem, she brought a friend
You know I'm not a rude brother yo
But I let Joel in and slammed the door on that other ho
So we was sittin in the livin room kickin it
And all I thought about was stickin it
She was mean, cause you know I wouldn't fuck wit a sleazy ho
Yo we was coolin, watching some TV show
I was crackin sex jokes, tryin to get the puss'
And this bitch was kickin scripts beatin round the bush
Talkin bout rhyme for me L man fuck rhyming
Cause my dick, is hard enough to cut diamonds
I said, "I hope you ain't tryin to dick tease
Ayyo, cause Big L's quick to tell a bitch leave."
Ayyo my game started fuckin wit her head soon
Next thing ya know we went straight to the bedroom
I knocked the boots from New York to Santa Fe
And that bitch burnt me like a gamma ray
I caught a cab, on 139 & Lenox
Ayyo, I took it to the neighborhood clinic
Because she gave me gonorrhea
Yo, I'mma kill that bitch, the next time that I see her
[Chorus] x2
I shoulda used a rubber, before I went up in it
And then ya monkey ass won't be sittin in a clinic

One afternoon I was cruising on the Westside
Bumpin my system, lounging back in a fresh ride
Hoes be hotter than a sauna
So I put the system on max, and bumped my shit on the corner
I saw this girl walkin by who was hype as hell
She was mad point-blank, she was right for L
But she tried to play me like a statue black
I said, "Sweeheart whats your name?"
"I got a man," "I ain't ask you that."
She said in order to be with me you gotta be rich
You won't be able to switch, I said, "Fuck you bitch."
Another girl walked by, I called her
"Excuse me what's your name" "Lorraine, what's yours"
Ayyo, game I kicked well
I said honey my names Lamont, but I'm known as Big L
I was looking smooth with the jewelry
She said, "L's for Lamont, but what's the Big for?" "You'll see."
Ayyo, my pockets was extra thick
"So what you doin later, oh nothing, then lets catch a flick."
Yeah, I bagged that ho well
Took her to the triple M, movies, meal, and motel
And when it comes to this I'm a professor
I didn't molest her I caressed her, undressed her then sexed her
But I must be getting bolder
Cause I didn't put a helmet on my mother fucking soldier
I started stickin up quick
And the next time I took a leak
A motherfuckin flame shot out my dick
You might also like[Chorus] x4
I shoulda used a rubber, before I went up in it
And then ya monkey ass won't be sittin in a clinic
Ayyo L these bitches be burnin’ the dog shit outta niggas, know what I’m sayin’?

Who you tellin’ man? These bitches nowadays’d have a nigga dick drippin’ lava

[Laughter.]

You know what I’m sayin’? Ayyo, these bitches’ll have a nigga, give a nigga’s balls a heat rash or somethin’ man

Okay…

Man fuckin’ with these hoes without a rubber nowadays is like bungee jumpin’ with a rope around your neck. That’s like playin’, [laughter], that’s like playin’ Russian roulette with a shotgun. Ayyo word, ayyo, ayyo man, fuck a rubber man, I’m a start puttin’ balloons on my dick, dog, ayyo I’m a start puttin’ suntan lotion on my dick or somethin’. Ayyo these bitches is triflin’ dog. Ay I’m gettin’ the fuck up out of here man

Aight, let’s bounce

Aight3Embed