Get Down Lyrics[Intro: Cam'ron & Marvin Gaye sample]
Get down
Uh-huh, Killa!
They never said we couldn't get down
They never said we couldn't get down
Make it fun sometime
It's like I'm psychic and shit
Get down
I called this shit about five years ago
They never said we couldn't get down
Dipset, all day, everyday, man
Make it fun sometime
Santana, Jim Jones
Freekey be home '07 (Ugh)
Let's go
[Verse: Cam'ron]
Remember? I'm a man to respect (Remember?)
Remember? Santana was next (Now what?)
Now, it's not TECs, it's checks and fans he collects (What I want?)
I want his wrist, fist, whole hand, jammed with baguettes (Oww!)
Pose for the camera, man (Man)—me and Santana, man (Uh-huh)
Word to my grandma—"He one bad mammajamma, damn!" (Damn)
So I don't write for the stardom (Nope)
I get, booted, zooted (Uh-huh), write down my problems (Why?)
I've been through it, headed right for the bottom
D.C.—nah, would've been a sniper in Harlem (So what?)
That's why I throw some dough to my co-D from Kos-tovo
Help me get on overflow (Shh!), no one supposed to know (Why?)
But she lay me up like the prime minister (Uh-huh)
Thousand grams of dope, smelling like Heinz Vinegar (Damn)
That was a lot to linger (But what?), but to the top I bring her
But when it came to dope (What?), I always copped in fingers (Oh)
Money missing—oh, shit! I almost chopped some fingers
Slit some wrists—that's when they said, "Oh, shit, he's not a singer"
Fuck the rap, fuck the movies, fuck Siskel and Ebert
This pistol, I squeeze it, missiles if needed—Killa!
Remember? I'm gon' spend my cake—remember? (Remember?)
Remember? Jim? We getting out of 5H? (Projects)
Now, chefs'll fry us steaks (That's true), it's a higher stake (That's true)
Swiss accounts—I'ma show you how to wire cake (Oww!)
And we from BBO (Where else?); now, you a CEO
Director, VEO, your own album, here we go (Go)
That's my man, anytime I holler, holler with me (Yup)
We shared chicken sandwiches—they was a dollar-fifty (Fifty)
Budget: seven dollars; nickel bag and White Owl (We fucked up)
I hope the chicken sandwich last us through the night, child
We ain't care; we ain't sleep; we was night owls (Owls)
Insomni-atics, our lifestyles compatible
Magical, Pops gone (Gone), shit tragical
Moms gon' miss you, my house is where the addicts chill
I'm like a teacher (Uh-huh), I need me a sabbatical (What's that?)
It's not irrational (Yeah, what), I grew up radical (So what?)
And you all are shook (Uh-huh), I bought all my crooks
Fuck you R&B niggas, Zeek sing all the hooks (C'mon)
Tito and Brick—yes, yes, come again (Damn)
They came sun or rain when I had that stomach pain
You might also like[Outro: Cam'ron]
Ugh, ugh
What else?
Ugh!1Embed