Druglord Superstar LyricsGot a new gig, here you come again kid
Fresh out the dog, done did your bid
But you can't stay here no more
Not in this crib
Not with the foul way that you used to live
I remember you would take long trips on the first of the month
Not giving a fuck about what I want

(Da Brat)
Hey Lyte, fuck that nigga, smoke this shit
Count to ten, it's all good
The day that you left I spent mad dough trying to get shit fixed
Cause of your fucking death wish
Broken glass everywhere, cause a motherfucka like you just didn't care
Got my shit shot up, had to buy a new body for my Benz, cause of your wild ass friends
Years ago when you started on the scene, back and forth smuggling shit from Caribbean
It was you and your boy Dunn, making them suicide runs
But it was all in fun till Dunn tried to run with half of your cut
Now your boss is looking at you saying "What the fuck is up?"
What's up? But you say, "Fuck him" you could start your own ring and things
Besides you get a lot of peeps to swing
Now you got eight men working 7 days a week
2 be the runners, 5 on the street
1 be the side kick,, the right hand, you know the one that ride shotgun thinking he the man
They'd kill to be where you are, oh yeah! The druglord superstar...

[Hook: MC Lyte & Da Brat x2]
Sometimes you gotta give a little to get a little
(And other times I get stuck in the middle)
I'm fed up I can't take it no more
(See im bustin' on the next nigga knockin' in my door)

You got a new crib, new truck, new car
Trying to fit in, throwing parties for them big type rap stars
But on the other side of town, shit is getting hot, your man got shot
And they blew up your tree spot, on 125th and St. Nick, shit is getting thick
Your boy got caught in St. Martin with a brick, now he's exile
You down to 6 motherfuckas and 3 of them motherfuckas is nothing but suckas
I got feds at my door wanna know do I know a black
Now I ain't never called ya no shit like that, I'm fed up
I can't take it no more, you see I'm blazing at the next nigga knocking at my door
I heard you're on the run now, D is in the penile
Ratted your ass out and gave that what, when and how
They'd all kill to be where you are, the druglord superstar
You might also like[Hook: MC Lyte & Da Brat x2]


They found a boy in the sand, it was Poppi your man with his eyes dug out and black engraved in his hand
Word around is you're the ass in the biz
To let 'em kill your men off you must be soft
Heard they shot up your car and ransacked your loft
Now you need a get away a place to hide, cause your man done snitched on the inside
You was on the run like a slave aback in the days, you must have been nodding when
They said
"Crime don't pay"
I got a new gig, here you come again kid, fresh out the dog
Done did your bid but you can't stay here no more, not in this crib
Not with the foul way that you choose to live...


[Outro]
Motherfucka -- you know what/
Just, just take your shit all right! Just take it!
Cause I'm sick of this shit - I can't take it no more
Just take it, I don't know who the fuck you think you are
Thinking you could just come back here and try to enter my life -- like I need you
I dont -- I'm thru with you motherfucka
Just get out! You put me thru too much heartache
Too much shit
I had to go thru -- I can't do it no more1Embed