Killer Pussy LyricsMaster P: Yo Ann, wuz up?
Ann: Wuz up?
Master P: Shit girl I know you got it going on and everything
But its like this here, (what?) how come, every nigga you fool
Wit, and shit, nigga get shot and killed, wuz up with that?
Ann: Man nigga that shit ain't true
Master P: Shit, well, what about Mike, what happened to him?
Ann: Oh, that nigga? ummm, they found that motherfucker
In a ditch somewhere
Master P: Shit, what about, that; that other nigga Joe you used
To fool with, what happened to him?
Ann: Man, Joe was trippin, man, you know he owed some nigga
Some money, and you know, if you don't pay up you just get got
Master P: Ahhh, well what about yo babydaddy, what he did?
Ann: That motherfucker was trying to sell dope, and smoke it
At the same fucking time, ignorant ass motherfucker
I'm glad he gone
Master P: So you don't think that yo, pussy be like, yankin niggas
Know what I'm saying?
You got that killa pussy, killa pussy, killa pussy- 2x
She got that killa pussy, killa pussy, killa pussy- 3x

I'm not dog pound but yo pussy be the bomb
But why every nigga that you fuck up liked up dying?
Like my boy Roy but y'all niggas don't feel it
Y'all don't think bitches fucking pussy, can kill trick
Better watch these hoes, talking bout these niggas
But y'all don't know that these pussies got triggers
Getting niggas killed in my hood like bitches!
Fucking with these ghetto money hungry ho bitches!

Ha, ha, ha, see y'all niggas don't understand
Y'all too busy watching Ricki Lake, and Montel Williams
Tripping on like, bitches killing niggas behind AIDS
But see that big monkey between they legs?
Get niggas trapped like motherfucking rats
Trying to get cheese, ya heard me?

You out the front door, that nigga out the back
That's how my partner got killed behind some cat
I ain't got no love for y'all hoes cause y'all tramps
And bitches act bad when they get they fucking stamps
But bitches y'all can suck a nigga dick and get real
Or better twirk something or buckle up and guard yo grill
Cause I'm laying you hoes on the floor like niggas
Bitches want that dick ho y'all can feel that trigga
17 rounds from that motherfucking pistol
And watch a nigga make a bitch fucking head whistle
Hoes bout that ass, niggas y'all feel me
But pussy to good to be fucking real G
I'm from that 3rd ward, niggas started banging
Bitches running up, in cars cause we hanging
Ask a nigga to break em off to get her hair done
But I ain't giving a bitch nothing but some cum
And hit and run, in the projects ballin wit my motherfucking homies
And all y'all bitches with that killa pussy
Don't run up on me
You might also like(Chorus)

Fool I ain't Spud, but these hoes be creepin
Late at night when a young ballas sleepin
Bitches try to run into the safe and get my money
But I'll lay a bitch on the floor it ain't funny
Like that bitch Bren-da, got my boy killed
Like that ho Shell, yea she tried to do O'Neal
And what about Ep-Do, she can't phase me
Talking that shit about she might have my ba-by
Bitch it ain't mine, I only fucked her once
I had 2 rubbers so bitch you done, and what
About Wen-dy, and that ho Su-sy
Say her pussy be killing niggas think she pack a OO-ZIE
But I ain't even trippin, all y'all hoes
I watchin my back, I ain't killed behind no motherfucking cat
This goes to you hoes from the south to the West coast
Even got pussy killin niggas on the East coast
And all y'all bitches that are bout it won't y'all shout it
But bitch killin me behind some pussy, nigga I doubt it

(Chorus)1Embed