Bitch Lyrics[Intro: Vincent Tolan & E-40]
Nigga, don't act like a (Bitch!)
That's why I don't got love for a (Bitch!)
Oh, that's why Too $hort and E-40 say (Bitch!)
So homey, please don't marry that (Bitch!)
And that's why I'll never be a (Bitch!)
Don't do it!
$hort holla at 'em

[Verse 1: Too $hort]
See me, I get everything I wanna get
I have some fun with it, and make her momma trip
Cause if I'm in her life, it's a problem
A real player's at your girl, you better stop him
Turn your back on the bitch she ain't actin right
He hit it way before you now he's back in her life
What'chu gon' do when you lose her?
She got a nigga on the side just to use her
If it's me, I'm parkin at the front do'
And you be knockin on her bedroom window
You see the shadows, you hear the sounds
But you don't do nothin you just turn back around
Like a (Bitch!)
Feelings hurt, ready to cry
You cain't believe, everything she said was a lie
She got a lot of bitch in her but not more than you
I never underestimate what these whores'll do
[Chorus: Vincent Tolan]
Nigga, don't act like a (Bitch!)
That's why I don't got love for a (Bitch!)
Oh, that's why Too $hort and E-40 say (Bitch!)
So homey, please don't marry that (Bitch!)
And that's why I'll never be a (Bitch!)

[Verse 2: E-40]
40! Never sippin' and slippin' and skippin' and drippin' and missin' (Missin')
These cats that I be hangin' around don't listen (Don't listen)
I be hippin' and sippin' and smokin' and drinkin' and spittin' (Spittin')
And these musty mouth broads they be trippin' (They be trippin')
I mean the bitch thought she was bad (Bad)
I knew what that batch was thinkin'
When she thought what she was thinkin', but she shouldn't have thought that
I told her the money costs too much and I ain't got a dime
You got to pay me (Pay me) or pay me no never mind
I (I) don't sit on the toilet when I go piss (Piss)
You (You) got feminine tendencies like a bitch (Bitch)
Me (Me) I'm solid and concrete I keep it funky (Funky)
We (We) we pull up in somethin, actin a donkey (Donkey)
She (She) she liftin her dress up showin her monkey (Monkey)
See (See) he trippin, he trickin, throwin her money (Money)
B (B) I-T-C-H, all in her face (Face)
E (E) 40 so laced, stay on the case
You might also like[Chorus: Vincent Tolan]
Nigga, don't act like a (Bitch!)
That's why I don't got love for a (Bitch!)
Oh, that's why Too $hort and E-40 say (Bitch!)
So homey, please don't marry that (Bitch!)
And that's why I'll never be a (Bitch!)

[Interlude: E-40 & Too $hort]
40 Water, 40 Water
Too $hort, Too $hort
Too $hort
$hort dawg in the house
40 Water!
Ayy $hort, you know what I been noticin?
All bitches ain't women?
Man! All bitches ain't women man
Nah nah
Some of these niggas man be actin' like bitches man
Yeah!
Female puppies man
You already know
Look, get a real one in your life man
Get a real one in your life, that's what I tell a bitch
Bitch
That's how we do it
Uh
For sho'
Niggas be actin' like bitches
Bitch! Female puppies man
You bitch!
[Chorus: Vincent Tolan]
Nigga, don't act like a (Bitch!)
That's why I don't got love for a (Bitch!)
Oh, that's why Too $hort and E-40 say (Bitch!)
So homey, please don't marry that (Bitch!)
And that's why I'll never be a (Bitch!)Embed