Rich Niggaz Lyrics[Intro]
Ayo, ayo, ayo, ah, ayo, ah
Ayo, ayo, ayo, ah
Yeah

[Verse 1]
I hate rich niggas, god damn it
'Cause I ain't never had a lot, damn it
Who you had to kill? Who you had to rob?
Who you had to fuck just to make it to the top, damn it?
Or maybe that's daddy money, escalator, no ladder money
Escalade, new Caddy money
Worst fear going broke cause I'm bad with money
Crooked smile nigga, momma never had the money, damn
I ain't tripping
Nigga Jordan and I ain't Pippen, yeah
Up the steps, I ain't slipping
Tears, blood, sweat, and I ain't cripping
Here's a song you can sing along with
When you down on some let you know you ain't alone shit
When your momma ain't at home cause she got a second job
Delivering pizzas, you think she out here getting robbed
Please God watch her I know how niggas do
Half cracker but a nigga too
Talking all that shit 'bout your step-pops
How he was a dog, now look at you
I ain't bad as that nigga, plus dawg, I'm a grown man now
I ain't mad at that nigga
But if a plane crashed and it only killed his lame ass
I'd be glad it's that nigga, nigga
Did Kay dirty now it's back to broke
Refund checks, used that to float
Momma gets depressed, falls in love with the next maniac
On crack, use that to cope
Make a nigga smoke a whole sack of dope
Writing rhymes, tryna bring back the hope
Try to ride the storm out and crashed the boat
Could've drowned, but I grabbed the rope
[Pre-Chorus]
And there go you, and there go you, and there go you
Selling me dreams and telling me things you knew
And there go you, and there go you, and there go you
Selling me dreams and telling me things you knew

[Chorus]
Sing, you got what I want, I got what you need
"How much for your soul, Anna?"
"How much for your soul, Anna?"
You got what I want, I got what you need
"How much for your soul, Anna?"
"How much for your soul, Anna?"
[Verse 2]
I hate rich niggas, god damn it
'Cause I ain't never had a lot, damn it
Niggas can't front on the flows you got
But every fucking verse how much dough you got
Homie, don't quit now
Hear my shit and tried to switch now
Know you felt the shit just now, know you felt the shit just now
Ain't there more to you? Don't it ever get boring to you?
I realize deep down you a coward getting high off of power, fuck it more to you
Saw through you and it made me ashamed that I played the game
Not for mo' money like Damon Wayans
Wanted the respect but it came with fame
I just wanted love but this ain't the same
I took a train down memory lane
And watched lil Jermaine do his thang before he made a name
It's like Sony signed Basquiat
He gave it all he got, and now a nigga don't paint the same, damn
I guess he can't complain
All the money that be raining in
Spend a hundred thou for the chain again
Think of old school niggas like Dana Dane
Probably kill for another claim to fame, my brain the same
Yeah, nigga, at least he ain't insane
At least he ain't insane
You ain't crazy, motherfucker, you just afraid of change
That's new, maybe that's true
But listen here, I got a bigger fear
Of one day that I become you
When I become lost and I become heartless
And numb from all the Ménages
Just one bitch don't feel the same no more
And Henny don't really kill the pain no more
Now I'm Cobain with a shotgun aimed at my brain
Cause I can't maintain no more
Tad bit extreme I know
Money can't save your soul
But there go you
You might also like[Pre-Chorus]
And there go you, and there go you, and there go you
Selling me dreams and telling me things you knew
And there go you, and there go you, and there go you
Selling me dreams and telling me things you knew

[Chorus]
Sing, you got what I want, I got what you need
"How much for your soul, Anna?"
"How much for your soul, Anna?"
You got what I want, I got what you need
"How much for your soul, Anna?"
"How much for your soul, Anna?"

[Outro]
"How much for your soul, Anna?"
"How much for your soul, Anna?"218Embed