The Iceberg Lyrics[Intro]
Oh baby, man, this is a funky track
Man, you got it goin' on, Ice-T my nigga, man
Yeah yeah, boy, they gonna go crazy when they hear this one, boy
Album 3, man, we still in effect, man
Yo, Ice, kick some of that pimp shit out there
Throw that fly shit at 'em

[Verse 1]
I-C-E B-E-R-G
What's that spell? Iceberg, baby, can't you read?
Time to bleed, slaughter, slice
Try to say I wasn't nice as we waxed them punks like lab mice
Dice 'em up, slice 'em up, dissect
Put you in a boilin' pot and let your ass sweat
Cos I rap on game you think I'm weak in a freestyle?
Well 911 you should dial
Before my posse makes a move on your mom's crib
Think we got knives and guns? We got bombs, kid
Blow up your whole block, you hear the gunshots
Throw you in the Syndicate cellar and let your body rot
Cause I'm the coldest motherfucker that you ever heard
Call me The Ice...or just The Iceberg
[Interlude]
Oh, baby, [?]
Man, you got it goin' on, man, and it's strong, baby
Kick that fly one to me about my man Evil E, aight?
Come on, kick it

[Verse 2]
Evil E was out coolin' with a freak one night
Fucked the bitch with a flashlight
Pulled it out and left the batteries in
So he could get a charge when he begin
Used his dick, the shit was tight
Bitch's titties start blinkin' like tail lights
Rolled her over to change a connection
Bitch's ugly face cold spoiled his erection
I'm the Ice rhymer, a big timer
And yes I'm a pimp and a player and a hustler and kinda
A mack and a poet, impressive I know it
Don't only rhyme for niggas 'cause I live my life co-ed
On the mic it's livin' breathin' hype
A 1989 type Dolemite
Cool motherfucker, word
Call me The Ice... or just The Iceberg

[Interlude]
Oh my god, mercy mercy, man, you's the coldest mother fucker in the world, man
You's a pimp nigga, man, Ice, I love you man
Throw that one at me about Charlie Jamm
You might also like[Verse 3]
Charlie Jamm fucked a freak on a ski-lift
10 below, gave her the dick
It was cold and she said "Quit!"
Charlie Jamm said "Bullshit!"
She said "Oh, oh, oh my god!"
Charlie's dick was frozen hard
But she said she never felt it
Maybe Charlie's dick melted
Yes, I'm the rhyme kicker, the hard liquor
Parental Guidance Sticker? Yeah, I'm the nigga
Triple-X is how I rate
I'm the one your parents hate
I'm as cold as cold can get
Under pressure never sweat
Cool motherfucker, word
Call me The Ice... or just The Iceberg

[Interlude]
Oh man, Ice, Johnny Rivers' got this track just kickin', boy, you know what I'm sayin'? Me and that cat Randy Mack up here lovin' this, man. Kick the one about Donald D

[Verse 4]
Out with the posse on a night run
Girls on the corner, so let's have some fun
Donald asked one if she was game
Back Alley Sally was her name
She moved on the car and moved fast
On the window pressed her ass
All at once we heard a crash
Donald's dick had broke the glass
Yes, I'm the big wheeler, the girl stealer
And if we play cards don't let me be the dealer
The Ice, cool as water, hard as stone
The black mack of the microphone
Talkin' shit the way I do
Rhyme Pays, the posse grew
Did you like Power? Word
Well this is The Ice... or just The Iceberg
[Outro]
That's right baby this is the Iceberg, man, you got it goin' on
Oh man, Beat Master B is in here, lovin' this, you know what I'm sayin'?
Got my man [?] in the house, boy, I got my one and only Afrika Islam cold lampin', you know what I'm sayin'?
I don't think nobody could fuck with the Syndicate, Ice, you's a mean bad cold motherfucker, man, you my nigga, man
Yo, Ice, could you loan me some money, though, man, 'cause you be talkin' all that pimp shit, man, why don't you just go on and hit me with uh, thirty or eighty thousand, or somethin' somethin'
Give me one of them jewels off your hand, man
Come on, Ice, man, come on man, yo
You's a pimp nigga
Ha ha, yo Ice
You know I like you a lot, man
Yeah, yeah!Embed