Want You Back Lyrics[Intro: Fabolous]
Oh
You see, what I can't understand
Is how somebody have a lifetime friend
That they've been through thick and thin with
And they just fall out over the simplest shit, man, like
But that same person will be in a relationship
With a triflin' ass ma'fucker
And keep takin' 'em back
Shit is crazy
[Verse 1: Fabolous]
The karma of fuckin' over a good person
Is the asshole you end up wit'
Get a taste of your own medicine
Funny, you the one who end up sick
Always took you back, even though it made my friends upset
Told me I should blow you off, haven’t got that wind up yet
Know how many days I hurt? Many nights I’ve been up stressed?
Thought that we had been in love, maybe I just been obsessed
When you crossed me, you lost me
Now if I was guardin' Derrick Rose
I would be more understandin' but you ain't Derrick Rose
You was my number one but, um, you ain't Derrick Rose
You tryna make a point again, you ain’t Derrick Rose
You just on some bullshit, bitch, you ain’t Derrick Rose
I’m a lover and a fighter, fight for what I love
But you made somethin' of bitches I think nuttin' of
Ask myself why I fight when it’s long been over
God gives the hardest battles to the strongest soldiers
So I fight for us, long as there's reason to
You wanted to give up on us long as there is season two
Cool, you’re gonna need me one day
And if it’s Sunday, that one-day gon' be Monday
That’s how fast things change sometimes
Niggas play the tough role, I Ving Rhames sometimes
Like, like, like I don't want that bitch back
I mean, I want her, but I don’t want the bitch back
She say she want him, but she don’t want that nigga back
That nigga act like I ain’t had a nigga back
You might also like[Chorus: Dionne Warwick, Joe Budden]
You’re gonna need me one day
So much pain in this sample
You're gonna want me back (So much pain in some of our hearts)
In your arms (I just want a pain-free heart)
You’re gonna need me one day (I don't ask for much
Fab, what's good though)
You're gonna want me back
In your arms (Let's talk to her real quick)

[Verse 2: Joe Budden]
We start with
‘I love you’, and I think we got the power to grow
Woulda gave up, but ain’t no coward in Joe
Funny thing about it all, you check my Twitter every hour or so
And then you bring this fake shit to our reality show
Spent however many years lookin' for devotion
It’s weird, your feelings but I put 'em into motion
I dictate the 'What’s?' and 'Why’s?' (What else?) The 'How?' and 'When?'
You ain’t learn to separate your now from then
I keep my distance, 'cause when I’m near my head is hurtin'
Exhausted every road to friendship, but it's never workin'
Me, I met the sweetest girl, you know y'all met in person
Bottom line, I made you then made a better version
Tried to give you good advice, but you ain’t heed it
Must’ve figured you ain’t need it, but all I can do is seed it
Told you, you gon' fuck around and end up sick
You chose dick from this nigga off the New York Knicks, my nig...
You so spiteful, that ain’t the way we act
That cock was inserted in you, how could it pay me back?
I know you said when we were over you'd start aimin' bigger (But)
But you can’t have anonymity with famous niggas (Oh!)
Know you thinkin' my happiness is a front
How would you ever know? Happiness is what you wanted
So unidentifiable when that harm'll never let up (Why?)
You fucked me real good but karma fucked you better
[Chorus: Dionne Warwick, Joe Budden]
You’re gonna need me one day
You're gonna want me back
In your arms
You’re gonna need me one day
You're gonna want me back
In your arms

[Verse 3: Teyana Taylor]
You never miss a good thing 'til it leave you
I finally I realize I don’t need you
You want me back
You know you’re gonna need me back, gotta have me back, yeah
Heartbroken when you left my world
Boy, you know you should’ve kept this girl
I was there for you
Now I don’t know what you gon' do
Without me, baby
Ooh
That was the last thing I said to ya
I notice you know its dead end with you

[Outro: Teyana Taylor]
Ooh
Ooh
You’re gonna want me back
You’re gonna want me back, oh-oh
I said, [?]
[?] baby
Ah, ooh
You’re gonna want me back, yeah
Mmm
Ooh
Ah
Ooh, want me back
You’re gonna want me back20Embed