Fuckin’ Wit’ D Lyrics[Verse 1]
What's on y'all niggas minds? (What?) Fuckin' wit' me
Y'all know somebody has told you about fuckin' wit' D
Stuck in a tree is what you will be like a cat
And I'm a dog at the bottom looking up, now what's that? (Uh)
Your worst nightmare 'cause I take it right there (Uh-huh)
You got niggas coming? Where they at? Right where? (Yeah)
I make 'em like air, floatin' away
Wouldn't tell what he was thinking so I opened a way (Come on)
Left him broken away, you know he hurt before he died
Makes you wonder (Uh) if he lost his shirt before he died
Only two knew the answer and one of us is dead (Uh-huh)
So anyone who seeks the truth can get it straight to head (Uh)
Then you and him can discuss what I did (Uh)
Yeah, it was wrong, dog, but I slid (Woah)
I'll repent one day, just not right now
You hear my shit all on the street, I'm kinda hot right now (Come on)
[Chorus]
I don't give a fuck about y'all niggas 'cause y'all ain't killing nothing
I don't give a fuck about y'all niggas 'cause y'all ain't killing nothing

[Verse 2]
I wanna break bread wit' the cats that I starve with
Wanna hit the malls with the same dogs I rob with (Yes)
Wanna be able to laugh with the niggas that I cried with (Yes)
When it's over be like these is the niggas that I died with (Yes)
What do you do when you find out, in the hall, there's a rat?
What do you do when you find out that your dog is a cat?
Shit, all niggas pack, can't hold but two
So while you getting more gats I'm putting holes in you
A snubnose will do, break 'em off real proper
Nina keep spittin' and I ain't gonna stop her
Cock her, unlock her, let her go
Give it to his man (What?) just to let him know (What?)
All things considered, it was real for a minute (Come on)
Got what was yours and tried to steal something with it
Now feel something hit it, your chest that is
The best that is, is possibly the best that slid
Don't stress that, kid

[Chorus]
I don't give a fuck about y'all niggas 'cause y'all ain't killing nothing
I don't give a fuck about y'all niggas 'cause y'all ain't killing nothing
You might also like[Verse 3]
When niggas hear that dog bark, they better run
When police hear that dog bark, they better come
They expect to save their lives, but they lives will be lost (Yes)
There is a price to pay, how many lives will it cost? (Come on)
Since I run with the devil, I am one with the devil (Uh-huh)
And I stay doing dirt, so I'ma come with the shovel (Uh-huh)
Is you on a level of a madman whose mind's twisted?
Mad niggas dreams caught the last train, mine's missed it (Woo)
Listed as a manic-depressive with extreme paranoia
Hey dog, I got something for ya
Hear my name, feel my pain
Niggas wanna steal my fame, but first, feel my reign (Come on)
Know what it's like to suffer (Uh), never have enough of (What?)
Shit starting off hard then only getting rougher (What?)
Tougher, but then came the grease
So if you wanna save the peace, tame the beast49Embed