In My Sleep Lyrics[Verse]
Baby girl told me in my sleep I was talkin
So it's only natural I asked her what I said? (said)
She said she woke up when she heard
But she was so damn tired she couldn't make out a word" (out a word)
She said she was tryin to see if eventually I would scream the name of a bird (bird)
I told her that's absurd ('surd), and then gave her the face like "word?" (word)
And then she replied yeah, said it was quite weird, said she was type scared
I said "that's a side effect that you get
When you trade bad dreams for some great nightmares" ('mares)
When I close my eyes (eyes), I escaped the Poltergeist
My escape from reality, just what I needed
Brings me to a place where shorty never cheated (hey!)
And even if she tried and succeeded
In this other world I wouldn't even get heated
Fuck (fuck) the details, I don't care about why
I'm chillin' with my grandmother, she ain't die
I was browsing online and seen Mike on a banner
That said "you can be like me and beat cancer"
Anything I touched I'd feel (feel)
Know it’s fiction, but it seemed so real
Was leavin' out the casino with a nympho
Yes, Rae, it can be so simple (oh)
Here's how I avoid a problem with my kinfolk
Learnt how to build me a house with no win—dows
And that's when I think I saw a ribbon in the sky but it wasn't from an in-tro
'Cause where I'm at is no rumors or gossip but still got love for Ms. In-fo
She said in my sleep I'd be laughin, but shit be funny to me (oh)
Look, my ice cream was two hundred degrees
If it dripped, I'd get a hole in my dungarees
See, my anonymity is my protection (what else?)
And me and hip-hop have no connection (what else?)
Which got me to reflectin, is that why the mirror won't show my reflection?
When I close my eyes, there's no dollars
So we can scratch that one as an excuse (or)
Or why folks do the things they do (or)
Or why people act so brand new (let's go)
I had wings on flyin out a prison with a ratchet
Was only there cause someone snitched
Look (look here), no one's poor but no one's rich
Just my way of creepin if life's a bitch
Took a walk on the ceiling just to get my mind right
That was yesterday (so), so in hindsight
Since I was able to haul off
I took it as God tellin me I'll never fall off (off)
Got rid of name brands in the jewelry (why?)
Most people just use it as medicine
Like it take 'em somewhere they ain't never been (but)
But here you better off not better than (oh!)
Stuck in the room with a elephant
Opened the closet and dapped up my skeleton
Had a convo with a man with no ears
And all of a sudden everything became so clear (clear)
Have no fear, I just bought a first class trip to nowhere - everybody goes there
But they don't stay the whole year, me? I got three hundred and sixty-five shows there
My girl said in my sleep, I'd be walkin (walkin), so I ask baby, where I go?
Uh, she said I be walkin slow
But she don't ever want to get out of bed, so she don't know
I went to see a man walkin on water (and)
Asked if he'd ever get things back in order (and)
I've been there two years, over a quarter
But everytime I open my eyes, it's like torture (torture)
He said "please, I gave you a whole 'nother world for you to go do with as you please
Just so you appeased, mixed with a couple of signs about real life while you make believe"
So I (so I), teleported out of there with a grin
Met a bum with a mansion, invited me in
Then (then), we politiced, about politics
Said somethin about Def Jam, I ain't acknowledge it
I went to see a virgin with AIDS, yeah I thought about smashin that (why?)
Yeah her ass was fat
So appealin, tattoo on her inner thigh said
"she doin better than she was feelin" (feelin)
I think I seen shorty before (like), maybe in a club or somethin
Or, maybe in VIP, but wasn't nobody there but me
And the club was all red (red)
Then she started playin with my head (my head)
And then I came
Then I asked shorty, "what's her name?"
And it was weird cause she fucked around, disappeared (uh, 'peared)
Like what a cruel joke (look)
Cig lit but from it was no smoke
Flicked in the ash tray and seen Stack's face
Flash through a school hallway on a half day
Was gettin chased, couldn't tell by who (or)
Then a hallway turned into a cliff (what else?)
Screamin' piff before I was dead
Somehow I jump my ass up out that bad
Then baby girl told me in my sleep, I was screamin (screamin)
So I said that's a lie (that's a lie)
She put her right hand in the sky and said "you was, but I don't know
Why, got to go, goodbye" (goodbye, goodbye ...)You might also like5Embed