Leather Face Lyrics[Intro]
What I gotta do let y'all niggas know
I am THE. NICEST. EVER!
Hardcore.. Commercial... What you wanna do?
You wanna wile up, you wanna dance?
Don't matter to me, I got it all locked down baby

[Verse 1]
It's not a game it's war, plain and raw
Blood stain the wall
When I bring the chain with the saw
Bring the pain to your door like death was knockin'
Unless you got my ends
I'ma make you twins with the Headless Horseman
Hell extortion, sell your soul, live your dreams
Don't pay the cost then {*bam bam*}
Say hello to the guillotine
A killer fiends for blood
Screams of thugs like
Fiends for drugs
I don't need no love
Give me your fear, money, respect, beer, honeys and sex
We're here
I'll bend them checks for years, hungry and stressed
You fuckin' with Chris - fuck Pun - dead the wrath for later
Get your calculator, the head decapitator's back forever
Can't count how many heads I had to sever
Half the niggas I keep, I put em back together
That's the terror, cut open your girl
And make a truss out her flesh, like Buffalo Bill
You fuckin' with reel to reel, rap axe maniac
Sound bwoy killer, hack hack chain-react
Two for one, double the death, same price
What would Big say? "Huh, you know that ain't right"
[Hook: with samples from "Scarface"] X2
It's not a game pah (Now the leg huh?)
We're gettin paid hah (Now the leg huh?)
It's still T-Squad (Now the leg huh?)
What you came for
Surgery, with a chainsaw

[Verse 2]
Word to Pac and BIG
My Glock so big it can rock a bridge
Drop the midsection like the top of your wig
Ain't no bullshittin, getting the full treatment
Special two heated missiles, 'til your crew's leaving witchu
I rip you in half - blast that ass through a glass window
Laugh a little (HA HA) and dash in the S-Class limo
That's how we do it in the South Boogie
Where tough rough rookies get snuffed out
For talking loud to me
Why should I even consider your crew
Shit on your crew
Get rid of your crew, what I'm fitting to do
I split you in two, leave you impaired when I blast the shotty
Rip it like dope and leave you there with half your body
We Rowdy like Roddy, probably robbing your stash
Catch a body like Charlie up North
Stashing knives up my ass
Surviving the task, we the last ones left
Blast them tecs with clips, fast as vets that spit
Add some tips for any, bastard bitch, pappin shit
Watch me rep til the casket from the bassinet, biatch!
You might also likeAhora tu!

[Hook: with samples from "Scarface"] X2
It's not a game pah (Now the leg huh?)
We're gettin paid hah (Now the leg huh?)
It's still T-Squad (Now the leg huh?)
What you came for
Surgery, with a chainsaw

[Outro: From *Scarface*]
Watch what happens to your friend
You don't want this to happen to you
You give me the money, okay5Embed