Do It Lyrics
"Hmmm, so you're the one they're talkin' about
Let me see if this is real."

When I do it, eyes lookin' at me when the
Music should be the only thing you see
It's the score to a cinematic oddity
Lettin' off shit, hit your ass repeatedly
Acrobatic, wha I'll pull something through your chest-piece
Before she came home, pit-stopped breast be
Watched the movie, and smoked a philly and
Took a hit of D. She actin' all silly and...
I pull the brothers in depressed situations
When the thang hit the 'phere, we risin' up to the occassion
You're killin' me wit' petty, little rap beef
'No fingerprints' is how my expert-ass be
While I'm at it, I'mma stand my ground righthere
Spotlight, where the chicks is found
You see this little-ass club we in? Yo, it's
Mine, intertwine, wink your bun, do it to the drum
"Yeah, that's alright
But I know you can do better than that!
C'mon, come harder!"

Aiiight then
I guess we stand the same ground, same
Page and wanna freak shit
I wanna eat it, watch you beat it, cum reaal hard than repeatin' Yo!
The frivolous rap song he rap about is no good
Remove all the crap about my dogs is all in for the national
No passion, then I guess they be cashin' out
I keep my eyes on things and
I keep my shine on BLING!
My peoples ain't nothin' to toy wit'
Professional, leavin' a boy stiff
You doin' all while you're really talkin'
You need to get gun or get walkin'
This greedy-ass country we in? I guess it's
Mine, intertwine, wink ya bun, do it to the drum
 (3x)
What 'chu really wanna do?
I wanna really do it right
What 'chu really wanna do?
Grab ya hands, hug ya tight
For real?
For real
Well, what 'chu feel?
Well, what 'chu feel?
We can...
Do it. Do it. Do it
Do it. Do it. Uh
You might also like
Do it. Do it
Do it. Do it
Do it. Do it
Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it

"So, I was wondering what would happen...how would you feel if
I...came inside your bedroom, I took off all your clothes, and
Took all mines off. And, uh, I got the portable DVD thing...
And...got the...right connections. I stick it in and put on top
Your spa basing to get you all fucked up over the bounce. And
Then, you can take it off and then..."Embed