Bitch! (Remix) Lyrics[Chorus: E-40]
Nigga, don't act like a bitch (Haha)
That's why I never love a bitch (Yeah)
50 Cent, Too $hort and E-40 say bitch (Remix)
She sucked me off, don't kiss that bitch
(From New York to the Bay! From New York to the Bay)
Ohh, why? Ohh, why'd you marry that bitch?

[Verse 1: 50 Cent]
He said he love her, mane, he really think he love her, mane
She a super freak, freakier than he understand
She's not the type of girl that you take home to your mother
She's the type you take to the track to come up on sucker
Watch her deep throat, see her D.P
In and out both holes like it's easy
It's not a big deal, she doin' what she do
She doin' it with everybody, not just you
Hello! (Haha) I'm tryna put you up on game
You get emotional, then you could get the fuck on, mane
You buy her everything, you let her treat ya like a trick
Your sugar daddy mentality it make a nigga sick
She ask for it you just run and get it for her
No matter how much you give her, she wants more
I hate to tell you, but you in love with a whore
And chances are if niggas try they gonna score, man, fuck that bitch (Haha)
[Chorus: E-40]
That's why I'll never love a bitch
50 Cent, Too $hort and E-40 say bitch
She sucked me off, don't kiss that bitch
Ohh, why? Ohh, why'd you marry that bitch?

[Verse 2: Too $hort]
I get everything I wanna get
I have some fun with it. - And make her momma trip
Cause if I'm in her life - it's a problem!
A real player's at your girl, you better stop him! (whooooooo-whooooooooo!)
Turn your back on the bitch she ain't actin' right
He hit it way before you now he's back in her life. (haha!)
What'chu gon' do when you lose her?
She got a nigga on the side just to use her! (AAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!)
If it's me, I'm parkin at the front door
And you be knockin on her bedroom window
You see the shadows! - You hear the sounds
But you don't do nothin' you just turn back around
Like a BITCH! - Feelings hurt, ready to cry!
You cain't believe, everything she said was a lie
She got a lot of bitch in her but not more than you
I never underestimate - what y'all boys'll do!

[Bridge: 50 Cent]
(Bitch) You love her, I fuck her
She my jump-off, she yo' baby mama
You kiss her, I twist her
And send her ass back to you before you miss her (Bitch)
You might also like[Bridge]
I'm a playa, baby
I don't play no games (bitch)
I remain the same, I ain't never gon' change my ways for no bitch (No not for you baby)
That's why I'll never love a bitch (I'll never love her)
50 Cent, Too $hort and E-40 say bitch
She sucked me off, don't kiss that bitch
(Please don't kiss her, please don't kiss her)
Ohh, why? Ohh, why'd you marry that bitch?

[Verse 3: E-40]
40! Never-slippin'-and-slippin'-and-skippin'-and-drippin' and missin' (Missin')
These cats that I be hangin' around don't listen (Don't listen)
I-be-hippin'-and-sippin'-and-smokin'-and-drinkin' and spittin', (Spittin')
And these musty mouth broads they be trippin' (They be trippin')
I mean the bitch thought she was bad (Bad), I knew what that bitch was thinkin'
When she thought what she was thinkin', but she shouldn't have thought that
I told her the money costs too much and I ain't got a dime (Got a dime!)
You got to pay me (Pay me), or pay me no never mind (Uhh)
I-I don't sit on the toilet when I go piss (Piss)
You-you got feminine tendencies like a bitch (Bitch)
Me-me I'm solid and concrete I keep it funky (Funky)
We-we we pull up in somethin, actin a donkey (Donkey)
She-she she liftin' her dress up showin' her monkey (Monkey)
See-see he trippin, he trickin, throwin her money! (Money)
B-B-I-T-C-H, all in her face (Face)
E-E-40 so laced, stay on the case, ahh
[Chorus: E-40]
That's why I'll never love a bitch
50 Cent, Too $hort and E-40 say bitch
She sucked me off, don't kiss that bitch
Ohh, why? Ohh, why'd you marry that bitch?2Embed