If I Can’t Lyrics[Intro: 50 Cent]
Yeah
Haha, yeah
Yeah

[Chorus: 50 Cent]
If I can't do it, homie, it can't be done
Now I'ma let the champagne bottle pop
I'ma take it to the top
For sure, I'ma make it hot, baby (Baby)
[Verse 1: 50 Cent]
I apply pressure to pussies, they stunt and I pop (Yeah)
Stand alone squeezing my pistol, I'm sure that I got 'em (Uh-huh)
Now, Peter Piper picked peppers, and Run rocked rhymes
I'm 50 Cent, I write a little bit, but I pop nines (Brrat!)
Tell niggas, get they money right, 'cause I got mine (Uh-huh)
And I'm around, quit playing, nigga, you can't shine (Woo)
You gon' be that next chump to end up in the trunk
After being hit by the pump—is that what you want?
Be easy, nigga—I'll lay your ass out
Believe me, nigga—that's what I'm about
Gangsta! You could find a nigga sitting on chrome
Hit the clutch, hit the gear, hit the gas and I'm gone (Yeah)

[Chorus: 50 Cent]
If I can't do it, homie, it can't be done
Now, I'ma let the champagne bottle pop
I'ma take it to the top
For sure, I'ma make it hot, baby (Baby)

[Verse 2: 50 Cent & Dr. Dre]
I'm down for the action, he smart with his mouth, so smack him (Woo)
You holding a strap, he might come back, so clap him (Yeah)
React like a gangsta, or die like a gangsta for acting (C'mon)
'Cause you'll get hit and homicide'll be asking, "What happened?"
Oh no, look who crept in with the .44
Twenty-inch rims sitting on low-pros (Uh-huh)
Eastside, Westside, niggas know, yo, I'm loco (Yeah)
Even my mama said something really wrong with my brain
Niggas don't rob me, they know I'm down to die for my chain
G-Unit! (Yeah) We get it popping in the hood
G-Unit! (Yeah) Motherfucker, what's good?
I'm waiting on niggas to act like they don't know how to act (Uh-huh)
I had a sip of too much Jack, I'll blow 'em off the map
With the MAC, thinking it's all rap
Till that ass get clapped and Doc say, "It's a wrap"
It's a wrap, nigga
You might also like[Chorus: 50 Cent]
If I can't do it, homie, it can't be done
Now, I'ma let the champagne bottle pop (Uh-huh)
I'ma take it to the top
For sure, I'ma make it hot, baby (Baby)

[Verse 3: 50 Cent]
I invented how to teach lessons to slow learners
Go ahead, act up, get smacked in the head with the burner (Ahh)
I don't fight fair, I'm dirty, dirty
I'm from Southside Jamaica, Queens, nigga, you heard me? (Yeah)
When the streetlights come on, niggas blast the nines (Uh-huh)
Get locked up, they read books to pass the time (Woo)
In the game there's ups and downs, so I stay on the grind
Niggas on my dick more than my bitch, I stay on they mind
There ain't nothing they could do to stop my shine (Unh-uh)
This is God's plan, homie, this ain't mine
I played the music loud so Grandpa called me a nuisance
And Grandma always gotta throw in her two cents
I'm the dropout who made more money than his teachers
Roofless like the Coupe, but I come with more features
I am what I am; you can like it or love it
It feels good to blow 50 grand and think nothing of it, fuck it!

[Chorus: 50 Cent]
If I can't do it, homie, it can't be done
Now I'ma let the champagne bottle pop
I'ma take it to the top
For sure, I'ma make it hot, baby (Baby)
If I can't do it, homie, it can't be done (Haha)
Now I'ma let the champagne bottle pop
I'ma take it to the top (Yeah)
For sure I'ma make it hot, baby (Baby)
[Outro: 50 Cent]
Uh-huh
I'ma make it hot
Dr. Dre
Aftermath
Shady
Haha44Embed