Lost Ones Lyrics[Intro]
Uh-uh, uh-uh
One, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, yeah
Uh-uh, uh-uh
One, two, one, two, one, two, one, two, yeah
Uh

[Verse 1]
Baby girl, I can't imagine what it's like for you
I got you pregnant, now inside there is a life in you
I know you wonderin' if this is gon' make me think 'bout wifin' you
Like, if you have my first child
Would I spend my whole life with you?
Now, I ain't tryna pick a fight with you, I'm tryna talk
Now, I ain't tryna spend the night with you, I'm kinda lost
See, I've been givin' it some thought lately
And frankly, I feel like we ain't ready and this—
Hold up now, let me finish!
Think about it, baby, me and you, we still kids ourself
How we gonna raise a kid by ourself?
Handle biz by ourself? A nigga barely over twenty
Where the hell we gon' live? Where am I gon' get that money?
I refuse to bring my boy or my girl in this world
When I ain't got shit to give 'em, and I'm not with them niggas
Who be knockin' girls up and skate out
So, girl, you gotta think about how the options weigh out
What's the way out?
Uh
[Chorus]
And I ain't too proud to tell you
That I cry sometime, I cry sometimes about it
And girl, I know it hurt, but if this world was perfect
Then we could make it work, but I doubt it
And I ain't too proud to tell you
That I cry sometime, I cry sometimes about it
And girl, I know it hurt, but if this world was perfect
Then we could make it work, but I doubt it
[Verse 2]
She said: "Nigga, you got some nerve
To come up to me talkin' about abortion
This my body, nigga, so don't think you finna force shit!
See, I knew that this is how you act, so typical
Said you love me, oh, but now you flippin' like reciprocals
It figures though, I should've known
That you was just another nigga
No different from them other niggas
Who be claimin' that they love you just to get up in them drawers
Knowin' all the right things to say
I let you hit it raw, mothafucka!
Now I'm pregnant, you don't wanna get involved, mothafucka?
Tryna take away a life—is you God, mothafucka?!
I don't think so! This a new life up in my stomach
Regardless if I'm your wife, this new life here, I'ma love it
I ain't budgin', I just do this by my mothafuckin' self
See, my mama raised me without no mothafuckin' help
From a man, but I still don't understand how you could say that
Did you forget all those conversations that we had way back
'Bout your father? And you told me that you hate that nigga
Talkin' about he a coward and you so glad that you ain't that nigga
‘Cause he left your mama when she had you and he ain't shit
And here you go doin' the same shit… You ain't shit, nigga!"
You might also like[Chorus]
And I ain't too proud to tell you
That I cry sometimes, I cry sometimes about it
And boy, this shit hurts, and ain’t nobody perfect
Still, we can make it work, but you doubt it
And I ain't too proud to tell you
That I cry sometimes, I cry sometimes about it
And boy, this shit hurts, and ain’t nobody perfect
Still, we can make it work, but you doubt it
[Verse 3]
They say everything happens for a reason
And people change like the seasons, then grow apart
She wanted him to show his heart and say he loved her
He spoke the magic words and on the same day he fucked her
Now she wide open
She'd put a ring up on his finger if she could
But he loved her ‘cause the pussy good
But she ain't no wife though
Uh-oh! She tellin' him she missed her period, like typos
He panickin', froze up like a mannequin, a life grows
Inside her, and now he askin': "Is it even mine?"
What if this bitch ain't even pregnant? Dog, could she be lyin'?
And she be cryin', ‘cause he actin' distant
Like, "Ever since I told you this, nigga, you actin' different."
And all his niggas sayin', "Man, these hoes be trappin' niggas
Playin' with niggas' emotions like they some action figures."
Swear they get pregnant for collateral, it's like extortion
Man, if that bitch really pregnant, tell her to get a abortion (Uh)
But what about your seed, nigga? (Uh-uh)
But what about your seed, nigga?
But what about your seed, nigga?
But what about your seed, nigga?
[Outro]
And I ain't too proud to tell you
That I cry sometime, I cry sometimes about it
And I ain't too proud to tell you
That I cry sometime, I cry sometimes about it135Embed