Da Graveyard Lyrics[Intro]
It's the number one crew in the area!

[Verse 1: Big L]
The Big L be lightin' niggas like incense, gettin' men lynched
Too intense, I'm killin' infants for ten cents
'Cause I'm a street genius with a unique penis
Got fly chicks on my dick that don't even speak English
I'm makin' ducks shed much tears, I buck queers
I don't have it all upstairs, but who the fuck cares?!
I'm grabbin' brews, takin' fast swiggas
I get cash and stash figures, and harass them bitch-ass niggas
After you, your man'll get scarred next
And if your squad flex, I'm lettin' off like Bernard Goetz
A TEC-9 is my utensil
Fillin' niggas with so much lead, they can use they dick for a pencil
I'm known for snatchin' purses and bombin' churches
I get more pussy by accident than most niggas get on purpose
I got drug spots from New York to Canada
'Cause Big L be fuckin' with more keys than a janitor
[Verse 2: Lord Finesse]
Now, it's the dictator whose style's greater
It's the man with more wild flavors than motherfuckin' Now & Laters
And rappers I hit 'em well
They automatically go to Heaven fuckin' with me 'cause I give 'em Hell
So don't try to front, troop
When your style is played out just like an Oshkosh jumpsuit
I'm out to collect figures
I'm on some Wu-Tang shit, so protect your fuckin' neck, nigga!
Not a role model, I'm a bad figure
When it comes to rap, I got skills out the ass, nigga!
I got it locked like a warden
Rap without Finesse is like the NBA without Jordan
So all you new jacks kickin' wack raps
It's a fact that I'll be on your fuckin' back like a knapsack
It ain't shit you can tell me
Because bitches still jel' me without a motherfuckin' LP

[Hook]
It's the number one crew in the area!
"Known for sendin' garbage MC's to the graveyard"
It's the number one crew in the area!
"Known for sendin' garbage MC's to the graveyard"

[Verse 3: Microphone Nut]
Yo, I got a death wish
That's why I talk so much fuckin' shit
I want these bitch motherfuckers to try to flip
So I can fill up this clip
And stick the gun between they lips like a cigarette
And let 'em smoke the four-fifth
Ah, fool! Ah, goodbye! No need to try to lie or cry
It's time for motherfuckers to die
Because to me death is like sex
And if my brain was a deck of cards, I'd be missin' a whole deck
Strap up a MAC — clack, clack!
Motherfuckers are runnin' like rats
The blind bats are fuckin' crazed cats
'Cause the Microphone Nut's loose
And you're wonderin' how the fuck did this madman get cut loose?
From 25 consecutive 25-to-life bids
For murderin' up some fuckin' white kids
These were the kids of the prison guards
Then I startin' killin' squads of prison guards in the prison yard
One-two, everybody's through
The Microphone Nut flew over the prison walls without a clue
And now I'm back to haunt shit and talk shit
Whoever flaunt shit, I leave 'em unconscious
I run through ya with a maneuver and German luger
Wreck like Das EFX straight out the fuckin' sewer
Please show me where the crack is at
While they quarter crack the sack, I crack they backs like Cracker Jacks
So I'm the one you should run from
Because the Microphone Nut is like a motherfuckin' stun gun
You might also like[Verse 4: Jay-Z]
The way I rock, no way you could stop
I stop, pop and drop when Jay gets hot
When I'm in the zone, better hold ya own
'Cause I like to break when I finish a poem
Pound for p-p-pound the best around
No way you can get up when I get down
I shake, rattle and roll and wreck shit like none
And beat a nigga ass half silly on the one
Fuckin' A! Fuckin' Jay! Ill with skill
So ladies, step up, I get around like a wheel
I'm never chokin' off chronic, skills are bionic
Bitches are screamin' like Onyx
Respect that I'll peel a punks cap back and sign it
Creep through your block, fuck a Glock, I step
Through your neighborhood, armed with nothin' but a rep
I'm givin' these ladies somethin' they can feel 'cause I'm real
Ya man get outta line, and it's kill kill kill kill

[Hook]

[Verse 5: Party Arty of Ghetto Dwellaz]
Yo, you step up and you'll get played like the small fry
I'm throwin' niggas off the roof since you wanna be the Fall Guy
So mess around, you'll be a dead man
I get hype, Tonight's Da Night like Redman
Nuff respect to Big L who get wreck
Chiggidy check yourself 'cause I ain't workin' with a full deck
I'm lethal, eatin' people
Not Jeffrey Dahmer, I'm the sequel, head or gut like Illegal
So what'cha want?
Yo, I'm strapped with the gats
Step up — plap, plap!
I'm leavin' caps in your back, fool
I rip shop, wanna say peace to Hip-Hop
A nigga disagree? Bring it on and get dropped!
I get wreck, I'm Party Arty so hit the deck
The kid with the Tec smokin' niggas like cigarettes
Now some ask me how I'm gettin' jewels
I tell em' big up, big up! It's a stick up, stick up!
I stick and move!
[Big L]
And that's how we do
So I.U., grab the gat and let loose

[Verse 6: Grand Daddy I.U.]
Yo, rat-tat-tat, I got the gat cocked
Nigga we ghost man a punk?
I let it roast and leave your pussy ass comatose
I'm shootin' up like the West is
Fuck suggestions!
I'll blow out a nigga's intestines
Better dip fast quick fast or you won't last
One blast will put your ass in a body cast
And I be killin' for rep, get ill in a sec
Nine mil' on your neck blood spill is still in effect
Constantly comittin' grand larceny
Arsony, niggas don't want no parts of me!
Never passed up a fast buck ask the last duck
His jewels was truck he got his ass stuck
So what the fuck is you sayin' hops?
I'm wanted for slayin' cops
Who's ever around when I be sprayin' drops
But I ain't givin' a fuck who gets hit
Niggas coppin' pleas, but I ain't tryin' to hear shit!
I'll burn you faggot niggas like toast
If you die and come back I shoot your spirit
Now your ass is just a holy ghost
You tried to play me to the left
You better put a target on your head
'Cause you're marked for death28Embed