Mamma Lyrics[Hook: Tony Sunshine]
Mamma.. I don't understand
Why he had to fuck with me, now I gotta kill this man
I said mamma.. now I'm on the run
Dear ma-mmahhhhhhh.. what have I done?

[Verse 1: Big Pun]
Somebody save me, I think I just killed somebody baby
Shoulda chilled but money was really tryin' to play me
Couldn't hold it no more so I showed him the four
Duke was dissin' my girl like she was hoein' on tour
And knowin' I'm raw, money tried to play fly
"I said whassup to the bitch; why she couldn't say hi?"
That ain't right! I had to put him in his place
Remember them hollows I bought for three bottles?
I put 'em in his face
I didn't have to disgrace myself, I hate myself
AHORA A TU *BLAH BLAH* Brace yourself
That's the law the streets are like basketball
Sometimes you shoot, sometimes you pass it off
Can't always take a shot, make one mistake you upstate for what?
Too much hate, time to break the lock
I hate the cops so I ain't tryin' to see 'em
I love a brother doin' triple life but I ain't tryin' to be him
That's why I be on the low, and keep my feet in the row
'Cause they're tellin' me as far as felonies
You get life for three in a row
Then whadday'know? Last week at the flicks
I had to kill somebody, for steppin' on my kicks (STUPID)
[Hook: Tony Sunshine]
Mamma.. I don't understand
Why he had to fuck with me, now I gotta kill this man
I said mamma.. now I'm on the run
Dear ma-mmahhhhhhh.. what have I done?

[Verse 2: Big Pun]
I can murder half the world laugh while the other side hate me
But hurt one hair on my mamma head and I'ma, cry like a baby
She my heart and soul; what Jimi Hendrix was to rock'n'roll
Made me believe I could achieve the impossible
Now you know one of my weaknesses, but Punisher keeps it glizz
So don't pull out cause when I pop oh what a relief it is
Send you where Jesus is - hold up, that's the gas chamber
Think before you put on that ski-mask and blast a stranger
Relax the anger, don't be so hard on yourself
That's how you'll end up twelve years old;
Bein' charged as an adult
Terror Squad is here to help so you can learn from our mistakes
Cause power just makes you reject destiny and devour your fate
How many hours I waste, tryin' to figure the shit
Until I finally realized, we're just niggas and spics
That's what they feel, what can I do but just stay real?
Keep somethin' in the stash in case I gotta make bail
'Cause ain't no brothers, runnin' shit in the system
You goin' straight to jail if you colored and fit the description
.. fuck you talkin' about? I live here
This is my buildin' nigga; fuck you nigga!
That's my daughter right there playin'.. fuck off me!
Get the fuck off!
You might also like[Hook: Tony Sunshine]
Mamma.. I don't understand
Why he had to fuck with me, now I gotta kill this man
I said mamma.. now I'm on the run
Dear ma-mmahhhhhhh.. what have I done?

[Bridge: Big Pun]
I don't have much time so I'm only gonna ask you once
To please forgive me mamma; I love you and I'm sorry I broke your heart
But I ask you to do me a favor and take care of my daughters
And raise them to be good respectable woman, like their mother
God bless her soul
And raise my son to be a good man, a better man than me
And for this I give you my soul, I love you

[Hook - whispered; a woman cries out in agony]

[Outro: Tony Sunshine]
Heyyyy ma-ma-ma-mma..
I just killed a man..
Ma-mmaaaa.. what am I to do?1Embed