Where Do We Go Lyrics[Intro]
Good evening
How's everybody feeling out there
Y'all good?
I talk my shit again?

[Hook: Eric Bellinger]
I really don't know where we should go from here
It feels like time is escaping
I don't want to waste it nooooo
But in the back of my mind
It feels like, like we should just let it go
Where do we go?
[Verse 1: Joe Budden]
You ain't gotta adore me or keep it friendly
And even if you ain't for me, don't be against me
Your people tell you ignore me and say it simply
But you get lonely and call me, that always tempts me
We get caught in the moment and then we fall back
Then I get horny and you take that as a crawl back
Now there's an irony hidden if you can call it that
I walk all over you, yet you be on my doormat
And unbeknownst to you, that whole plan of attack
She sayin' only with me does her sanity lack
Her truth come out when she drunk, but I amnesty that
I talk logic and she screamin' profanity back
Now when I think long term, you can't hand me that
But for now she need a crutch
There I am to take advantage of the handicap
Just me givin' you truth, I don't demand it back
Guess I'm just a fan of facts, hope you understandin' that

[Hook: Eric Bellinger]
I really don't know where we should go from here
It feels like time is escaping
I don't want to waste it nooooo
But in the back of my mind
It feels like, like we should just let it go
Where do we go?
You might also like[Verse 2: Joe Budden]
Check it, I'm like royalty around y'all
Down to fall with niggas I feel as loyal as me
Which is prolly why loyalty is my downfall
Got few friends that be coyin' me to count more
But steel sharpens steel, let me sound off
Still gotta question your will and what you're down for
It's real, I question your wheels, wish they was round more
The ilk of your found cloth are you built for the downpour
All I try to do is lead by example
Seems some are content with niggas feedin' them a sample
Tried to create a path, know the streets can be a handful
Me I made it out without degrees on the mantle
Though my money good, I'm overseas gettin' ample
It'll never mean the snakes and all the leeches I can handle
The bond is broke now, I believe it's gettin' trampled
Gotta pick up your pants, wear your creases like a man do

[Hook: Eric Bellinger]
I really don't know where we should go from here
It feels like time is escaping
I don't want to waste it nooooo
But in the back of my mind
It feels like, like we should just let it go
Where do we go?
[Verse 3: Joe Budden]
It's been weeks now, maybe we both feel so weak now
Time's past, should be cool for us to speak now
And you got so much pride, was no surprise
I had to reach out, shit, you used to creep through my house
Outside of bein' fine, I always said you was cool
You would leave in time to get your son ready for school
And I'll admit, that was admirable
Suckin' me off every night without you ever losin' sight of what you had to do
Fucked for seven months straight, shit was magical
You broke it off over shit that wasn't factual
How could I fuck with you?
With you actin' so gullible and all, I'm reluctant to move forward
You fell in love with me quick, was down to wait for me
But that held us down, was like a weight for me
You wanted answers
Said we can't keep fuckin' without a title, you won't sit back idle
And to me it was intangibles
Reasons I couldn't be the man for you
Part of why a nigga ran from you
Part of why I was passive and dismissive
Why we had that awkward goodbye and I ain't fix it
Why I let your Bimmer pull off and I ain't miss it
I lied cause the truth was really none of your business
I felt like the hostings, was a hoe thing
Late nights, strip clubs, really the whole thing
But that's my own baggage in fact
Plus you slept with other rappers at that
Just some shit that tamed my own brain, this is after the fact
It's my bad, not yours, I know the past is the past
I'm hopin' all's forgiven, you not stuck in that time
Maybe we can fuck one last time, I'm playin' with you
Here's to bein' grown and communicatin' issues
We was never together but a nigga stayin' with you

[Hook: Eric Bellinger]
I really don't know where we should go from here
It feels like time is escaping
I don't want to waste it nooooo
But in the back of my mind
It feels like we should just let it go
Where do we go

[Bridge: Joe Budden]
Where do we go from here?
What are we doin'?
Where do we come from?
Where do we go from here?
Can I talk my shit again?
Joey
Where do we go from here?

Parks let me get one more
[Verse 4: Joe Budden]
I remember it like it just happened
Scratch that, can't dismember it, it just happened
Funny how one death'll let these mishaps in
That's exactly what's about to occur
I defer, here's the stinger
I'm right where I grew up and lost my finger
How we let it all linger?
Whole family in black where you used to reside
All here to say our final goodbyes
Them to you, me to them
My thought with every tear that I cried
Whole mornin' I was mournin' family that had survived
Now that you are gone, you took with you all of the magic that you performed
And so our issues of a much deeper root is born
The weight fell, don't know who it's on
And since our glue is gone, this is how we movin' on
Truth in song, all quiet like the mute is on
Speak to me from Heaven above if I'm doin' this wrong

[Outro: Joe Budden]
Say somethin'
Just let a nigga know you hear me
Where do we go from here?
Rest in peace
What up?
Where do we go
Where do we go from here?
Understand me?
Do anybody hear me?
Joey
I love you
Where do we go from here?Embed