Laced Cheeba Lyrics"Your kung fu is good!
“Your magic is good!
That is why he waited, so all my power would dwindle
My power has diminished
Then he come to kill me!
Yes, but…

I know your kung fu is still very good
If you practice again
No-one could possibly be your match!
Oh, the ancient weapon!

[Verse 1 - Ghostface Killah]
Fierce, I travel across seas on glaciers
Fought shoguns and got fucked by geishas
Still gracious, still able to spit out darts
Just grew tougher skin for swimming
With the sharks. Broken ankle
Fucking with the wallabee clarks
Got them bitches still screaming my name
"Waddup Starks?" I'm a bone-crusher
Ox'll split your face like a Dutch Master
No more mixes - polar bears from Alaska
With sharkskin Air Max's and igloos of ice
Rocks clumped up like overcooked rice
I'm nice, you the reason why the game went soft
Bland niggas I come through and season your broth
Like Mr. Dash, I blast, I'm a Menace like Dennis
Young Ghost, in the bathroom a 6-month sentence
Rehabilitated, back in the yard, flying heads
With barbed wires, stay tying niggas to beds

[Verse 2 - Sean Price]
Everybody get paid, everybody get laid
All these bitches dirty, everybody got AIDS
Everybody get played, everybody get sprayed
Everybody do what I say, everybody my maid
P: crack-selling black felon
That clap "rat tat tat tat tat" melons
Some thugs: one gun, one slug
Shot-caller, like "yo let me speak to young Mugs"
Listen, it's Mandela, pa
I grab wack emcees, I smack em hella-hard
I kill niggas with the birdy blick banger
My Wu-Tang niggas call me the 36th Chamber
"Lyrical miracle spiritual" rap dudes
Get smacked off their skateboard for not paying rap dues
P: call me the gatekeeper
Break heaters on your face, smoking laced cheeba
You might also like[Verse 3 - Trife Diesel]
She want a thug, not the lawyer-type
A golden boy employed to promote and write
Sort of like an ill De La Hoya fight
I'm eating good, enjoying life
Flawless ice, with the bag of flawless white
With no strings attached, pull this might
Toy with my S550 with the raw pipe
Peeling off like snakeskin
Watch the cobra bite, overnight success story
Going jet for me, you rep Wally
That's why your cassette's corny
Your money too short for long convo
You in the game hurting, tryna play
Rajon Rondo. Millionaire swag
Peep your boys ensemble
Jewels heavy, Prince Akeem, coming to America, et cetera
Whoever said the kite is a messenger
Cause I think like the man behind a register
Quick to pull the toaster out
Stomp, choke em out. We over here
Counting Bread, what you loaf about?3Embed