Get Throwed Lyrics[Intro: Pimp C]
Smoke somethin', bitch
UGK, hold up, talkin' 'bout
Uhh

[Verse 1: Pimp C]
Pimp C, PA trill nigga
Polo fuck that Hilfiger
Made myself a ghetto star
On the slab, sippin' barre
Smokin' weed, sellin' white
Them other niggas shit don't come back right
That's how niggas get popped
Tryna get the cheaper price
Watch yo' paper, guard your life
'Cause most these niggas ain't livin' right
Keep yo' pistol, fuck a fight
'Cause niggas out here jack every night
I keep my mind on my money nigga fuck the fame
Big face hun'erds, keepin' the game
Hittin' the corner in the candy thang
Sittin on leather, grippin' the grain
[Chorus: Z-Ro & Young Jeezy]
Good weed, good drink, big money, mayne (Aye!)
Rollin' in somethin' foreign, on leather grippin' grain (Yeeeah!)
I handle my business so I think I deserve to get throwed, throwed

[Verse 2: Bun B]
Well I came in the door, I said it befo'
I never fuck a ho without head no more
I never pour up with nothing less than a four
And I smoke cigars, it ain't just for the show
I'm blessed from the do', and known for my stidile
I send a nigga baby mamma home with a smidile
You can have the bitch nigga, I ain't sentimental
Smoke weed and freestyle, no instrumental
Been out, lived through the wicked streets of PA
Motherfuck the judge, prosecutor and the DA
Head to the H, where the hoes will fuck threeway
Two way, four way, anyway the Pro say
Never hear a ho say "no I won't," "no I can't,"
"Stop it," and "no I don't"
'Cause a bitch know that I might just explode
And slap her in the face with a Pie à la Mode
'Cause a nigga gettin' throwed

[Chorus: Z-Ro & Young Jeezy]
Good weed, good drink, big money, mayne (Aye!)
Rollin' in somethin' foreign, on leather grippin' grain (Yeeeah!)
I handle my business so I think I deserve to get throwed, throwed
Good weed, good drink, big money, mayne (Aye!)
Rollin' in somethin' foreign, on leather grippin' grain (Yeeeah!)
I handle my business so I think I deserve to get throwed, throwed
You might also like[Verse 3: Young Jeezy]
You already know what it is, nigga
Snowman, 16.5 a piece, nigga, USDA
I grind hard (grind hard) and play harder (play harder)
Break out the pot (YUP) heat up the water (DAMN!)
Swear to God the minivan do tricks
Hit the brakes, hit the lights and voila, there go them bricks
Slide through the hood (HOOD!) sittin on some big wheels
Niggas coppin white and turn flips like cartwheels
Trapstar, my Nextel chirp all day (AYE!)
Ridin' dirty, three nines and a four way (G-YEEEAH!)

[Chorus: Z-Ro & Young Jeezy]
Good weed, good drink, big money, mayne (Aye!)
Rollin' in somethin' foreign, on leather grippin; grain (Yeeeah!)
I handle my business so I think I deserve to get throwed, throwed

[Verse 4: Jay-Z]
Big money, mayne - we only ride the best
This one and only big homie
Tried to told you I'm thug, ha
Something foreign I’m tourin' on foreign land
Worldwide I'm known for the Arm & Ham-
-mer—der the streets, I'm a wanted man
(But the flow's like dope) So it's on again
Started with the block, hit it brick by brick
Then I charted with the Roc nigga, hit by hit
I'm retarded with the Glock nigga, clip by clip
The competition is none, they deceased to exist
Let it breathe a little bit
He's off his rocker, he's a little schitz'
Throwed like a football, Hov used to cook raw
Now I got the game sewn like granny's good shawl
Pshaw, y'all niggas want war
Y'all got it backwards, y'all should want raw
Y'all should want more (and more, and more - uhh!)
[Chorus: Z-Ro & Young Jeezy]
Good weed, good drink, big money, mayne (Aye!)
Rollin' in somethin' foreign, on leather grippin' grain (Yeeeah!)
I handle my business so I think I deserve to get throwed, throwed
Good weed, good drink, big money, mayne (Aye!)
Rollin' in somethin' foreign, on leather grippin' grain (Yeeeah!)
I handle my business so I think I deserve to get throwed, throwed16Embed