Moving With U Lyrics"Awwwwwwww. Looky here, looky here, looky here!
You out the frame with it. You off the chain with it
You out the frame with it. Woman, woman..."
You got your girlfriend around ya
No wonder she surround you. Look at you
Your brown eyes pierce just like a knight
Make afella think real hard about the rest of his life
The whole *shit* is strange. I'm really thinkin' brains
But on the other hand, I really feel your stress and pain
Flimsy little men, they can't command you
And they don't have the heart to demand you
But niether do I. I guess I'll let you walk
On and watch cause your walk is strong
Sippin' passion wit' a stranger in the club
It doesn't necessarily equate to love
It's not really in the air, I wanna take it elsewhere
Somethin' wild that 'chu can't compare
Bangin' on my wood drum now
Hope your hearin' all the sound. Now, *nigga*, come now
Sittin' at home, a hat in my hand
While you crawlin' on the earth with your natural tan
Your than is jigg-i-lin' and causin' a stir
Let's do it real rough until life is a blur
I suit you the way that 'chu move
Hey, hey, hey, the way that 'chu move
It caught me the way that 'chu move (Uh, uh, uh)
Hey, hey, hey, the way that 'chu move (Check it out, now)
I suit you the way that 'chu move (Check it out, check it, uh)
Hey, hey, hey, the way that 'chu move (Check it)
It got me the way that 'chu move
Hey, hey, hey, the way that 'chu move
I can kinda understand, you know
I mean bein' at the top, I mean to start a show
The brushes with fame, continuous game you get
Hustles with plans, stakin' they claims and *shit*
But you shine and you pay it no mind, always
Stayin' on the grind with the thangs you do
You got the illest little switch and you
Ain't takin' no *shit* cause nobody wanna *fuck* wit' 'chu
Admiration to the utmost
All my dogs raise your cups 'til the girl toast
I don't wanna bring shame to you really
I wanna put flames to you sincerly
Make your box-spring jump like a low rida
Best place that I could be is inside ya
The love that we have could be real
But you gotta go by what your heart feels
Heart feels. Heart feels
Heart feels. Heart feels
Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh
Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, come on
You might also likeI suit you the way that 'chu move
Hey, hey, hey, the way that 'chu move
It caught me the way that 'chu move (Uh, uh, uh)
Hey, hey, hey, the way that 'chu move (Check it out, now)
I suit you the way that 'chu move (Check it out, check it, uh)
Hey, hey, hey, the way that 'chu move (Check it)
It got me the way that 'chu move
Hey, hey, hey, the way that 'chu moveEmbed