Bring Em Out Lyrics
Woo! Bring 'em out, bring 'em out— Bring 'em out, bring 'em out—
It's hard to yell when the bar-rel's in your mouth (Come on, Swizzy!)
Bring 'em out, bring 'em out (Ayy, Swizz Beatz)
Bring 'em out, bring 'em out (Yeah, T.I.)
Bring 'em out, bring 'em out (Ayy, A-T-L!)

T-I-P, coming live from the VIP
Heard the nightlife lost life without me
Both the feds and the state wanna see bout me
The whole city got biz-zerk, he got three
That other nigga got a hit, but shawty, he not me (Naw)
Who set the city on fire as soon as he got freed
The King back now, hoes don't even know how to act now
Hit the club, strippers getting naked 'fore I sat down
Still balling, money stack taller than Shaq now
Still push a button to let the roof on the 'Lac down
I'm on the road, doing shows, putting my mack down
Mississippi to Philly, Albuquerque to Chatt-Town
I got the crowd yellin' (Bring 'em out, bring 'em out)
Ayy, all my hot girls yellin (Bring 'em out, bring 'em out)
Ayy, all the dope boys yellin (Bring 'em out, bring 'em out)
Ayy, from the back, they yellin (Bring 'em out, bring 'em out)

Once again, what other rap nigga hood-er than this?
I got rich, and I'm still on some hooligan shit
You be rapping 'bout blow—I was moving the shit
You talking 'bout shooting out, and I was doing the shit
If I hit you in the face, you gon' be suing and shit
And if I catch another case I know I'll truly be missed, so I'ma—
Keep a cool head, stay out of the news
And show these other rappers it's bedtime (Bedtime)
It's clear to see that I'm ahead of my time
I copped a chromed-out, hard-top Carrera to shine
I got some time, it ain't shit, 'cause I get better with time
Who got a flow and a live show better than mine?

I got a packed house yellin' (Bring 'em out, bring 'em out)
Ayy, all my hot girls yellin' (Bring 'em out, bring 'em out)
Ayy, all the dope boys yellin' (Bring 'em out, bring 'em out)
Ayy, from the back, they yellin' (Bring 'em out, bring 'em out)
You might also like
Uh-y-yeah! Mic check, one-two, one-two
You wanna beef with the King? What is you' gon do?
Will you show up on the scene with two guns drew?
Or you and your friend and play a little two-on-two?
If you knew half of what I knew, then you'd be hitting the deck
I got a tool and a vest—I can get some respect
I'ma make it hard for a sucker nigga to flex
Show thim this ain't the squad for a nigga to test
Pimp, my nuts too large, and we way too fresh
Work well with nines, AK's, and Tecs
And quick to check a lame like a game of chess
You wanna beef, nigga? Bring your best

'Cause we be standing in your front yard yellin' (Bring 'em out, bring 'em out)
Ayy, all my hot girls yellin' (Bring 'em out, bring 'em out)
Ayy, all the dope boys yellin' (Bring 'em out, bring 'em out)
Ayy, from the back, they yellin' (Bring 'em out, bring 'em out)
We in your front yard yellin' (Bring 'em out, bring 'em out)
Ayy, all my hotgirls yellin' (Bring 'em out, bring 'em out)
Aye, all the dope boys ellin' (Bring 'em out, bring 'em out)
Aye, from the back they yellin (Bring 'em out, bring 'em out)

Hands in the air now!
Hands in the air now!
Hands-hands in the-in the air-air now!
Hands in the air now!
Put y'all hands in the air now!
Hands in the air now!
Hands-hands in the-in the air-air now!
Hands in the air now!
I can't hear you! (Bring 'em out, bring 'em out)
Grand Hustle! Swizz Beatz! (Bring 'em out, bring 'em out)
I can't hear you! T.I. (Bring 'em out, bring 'em out)
Bring 'em out, bring 'em out
I can't hear you! ATL! (Bring 'em out, bring 'em out)
Bring 'em out, bring 'em out (Whoo!)
I can't hear you! (Bring 'em out, bring 'em out)
ATL! (Bring 'em out, bring 'em out)

Woo! You just heard the sounds
Of the King of the South, T.I.
I go by the name of Swizz Beatz, the Monster
I need y'all to rewind this and play this from the top!
Oww! (Bring 'em out, bring 'em out)
Oww! (Bring 'em out, bring 'em out)
Oww! (Bring 'em out, bring 'em out)
We on fire tonight! Come on! (Bring 'em out, bring 'em out)

That shit's crazy5Embed