Dope Fiend Beat LyricsBitch!
Funky fresh from Oakland, California...
Dangerous Music and it don't stop to the beat, baby...

Bitches on my mind
I can't hold back, now's the time
All you loud-mouth bitches talk too much
And you dick teasing bitches never fuck
I seen a long-hair bitch, working extensions
Her hair ain't really but two inches
All you bald-head hoes in the Oakland world
Running 'round town with Jheri curls
Nappy head niggas like myself
Get a bald-head and say, "Go to hell!"
But you's a snake, you's a worm
You bald-head bitch, you need a perm
So much game when the homies tough
I make a bitch blow who never sucks
It really ain't a lie, but I just met her
Now I'm saying, "Bitch, suck better!"
Fuck you, stupid ho, tell me just what you know
I came to the party and turned it out
You said, "Ooh, he's got a dirty mouth!"
But, bitch, I kept talking shit
Mother fuck you, damn shit-head bitch
I want a blowjob and I'm not kidding
Work it in your mouth till your head starts spinning
I'm that nigga you'll answer to
If I say, "Bitch, jump!", that's what you'll do
I'm a fast talking con man blowing your mind
Breaking you and your cousin at the same time
With my dirty rap coming out my mouth
And you know damn well what I'm talking about
I'm the Too $hort, baby, way too cold
So mother fuck you, bitch, goddamn ass ho
The dope fiend beat...
For all you junkies to just rock...

H-E-A-D, I need a doctor just for me
To suck my dick like a vet
To give me head until I sweat
She's gotta suck dick
So I can tell all my homies just what she did
She sucked and sucked and she's a bitch to the beat
Of Too $hort, I said my name is Too $hort and i don't stop
I love you bitches for the blowjobs
I just laugh over and over
When the bitch drinks sperm like it's a soda
I straight start aiming, woops I missed
Get back bitch, we'll never kiss
I say she looks so good and she's so thick
But, man oh man, that bitch can lick
If I want it I could rock her
But I can't fuck no head-doctor
Bitches don't know that Too $hort's tip
You might get G'd if you don't suck dick
But I'm so fresh, I'm so down
I tell you bitches the other way around
If you do me first, well I'll do you
So the game jumps off when the bitch is through
Soon as I come all in her mouth
I smooth get dressed and roll out
I'm Too $hort, baby, fresh fresh again
One MC, one bitch broken
I tell you, baby, playing just like that
I'm the best of the greatest of the ice cold rap
And, bitch, you're just a bitch
You work fast food and you think you're rich
You see, my game don't stop when it's on the one
I love to see you when you work that tongue
Getting real busy in the back of the car
Rolling down the Skyline Boulevard
I said, "Bitch, what are you smoking?"
A big fat dick in the big East Oakland
I see my homie, he needs to quit
He was walking down the street with a big fat bitch
Maybe I'm wrong he might collect
Every two weeks that welfare check
Oakland, California, is the city of snakes
Pimps, pussies, players and fakes
The big Oaktown, the city of liars
Fresh Star Wires and Vogue tires
A strip, bitches, nasty freaks
My raps, homeboy, with tremendous beats...
You might also likeShe's a bitch to the dope fiend beat...
All you junkies just ride...

Bitches on my mind
I can't hold back, now's the time
Bust a left nut, right nut, in her jaw
Opened my eye, guess what I saw
Bitches on my mind
Grabbed the microphone then I started to rhyme
What would life be if it wasn't Too $hort
It'd be nothing but rappers from the old New York
But that's not likely and there's no doubt
Bitches like me cause I'm turning it out
I'm here, there, everywhere
Sporting fat rope, babies, I'm a mother fucking player
Recognize game when it's in your face
As you dip to the beat when you feel the bass
Crank it up loud, would be doing fine
Pose like a pimp and check my rhyme
Some young tender doesn't like this beat
But a bitch ain't nothing but a word to me
I can check her, wreck her, or just get paid
Cut to the house and freak my maid
You see, you can't speak English but we don't talk
Call her Lucy and she's juicy, makes your eye balls walk
We never hesitate to make good love
She clean up my house and then clean me up
So check it out, all you bitches
I tell a story 'bout rags to riches
So check it out, freak nasty
I know you're fine but you look like Lassie
Bitch, not a long ago I used to hang at the mall
Top floor, baby, all the freaks I called
And if they didn't want to come. well that ain't shit
I just drop a few lines and then call her a bitch...
Bitch!Embed