Young Black Intelligent (Y.B.I.) Lyrics[Produced by KIC Beats]

[Verse 1: Masta Ace]
Young black intelligent, this is not a first
But it feels like it's curse and it weighs like a elephant
Heavy on my mind, 'cause I feel so irrelevant
Heavy on my heart, it's like I'm smart for the hell of it
Heavy on my soul, it's our stroll through the 'ville again
Stranded on this island, feel like I'm Gilligan
Friends got jailed and then they got bailed
Stress that I'm under, I just wonder when they kill again
Please understand that I'm living in the concrete
Jungle where I stumble is the crumble under my feet
In the building lobby, see my man Bobby
Puffing on a joint that's the point where our eyes meet
Asked what's the weight on the books in my knapsack
He's so amused, I'm confused why he asked that
Then I understand the motive and the plan
He's trying to be the man while I stand getting laughed at
Dudes got jokes but very little hopes
That's why they trying to bring me down like a halfback
But I got balanced, my moms made a promise
If I get the grades, I'll be praised like Thomas
Clarence; but I don't know if law's in my future
Cops in the war and they'll sure try to shoot ya
All I wanna do is get a B in geometry
Lose my virginity and live my life drama free; sing
[Chorus: Pav Bundy & Masta Ace]
As I sit and count these clouds
I sure hope my ma is proud of me
Why be I? - why be I?
Why be me? - why be me?
If I fly - if I fly
They gon' see -  they gon' see
I might die - I might die
But I'll be free - but I'll be free
So why be I? why be I?
Why be me? - why be me?
Young Black Intelligent (x7)
Young Black...

[Verse 2: Masta Ace]
Penny for your thoughts, a nickel for your dreams
A dime for your goals and a quarter in your jeans
Trying to make a dollar outta forty-one cents
Caught up in the barbed wire, shorty on the fence
I can be a knife-packing, gun-toting hooligan
But I can't decide so I'm on my way to school again
On my way to duel again, me against the world
But all I can think about is me against a girl
Youthful exuberance, busting at the seams
Look at all the other kids cussing at the deans
Looking at all the other kids cutting 8th period
But I'm on a team and my coach won't hear of it
He's well aware of it, I ain't getting pinched
Y'all dummies go ahead I ain’t getting benched
Whole lot of right and a little bit of wrong
And everything you've worked for? Gone
You might also like[Chorus: Pav Bundy & Masta Ace]
As I sit and count these clouds
I sure hope my ma is proud of me
Why be I? - why be I?
Why be me? - why be me?
If I fly - if I fly
They gon' see -  they gon' see
I might die - I might die
But I'll be free - but I'll be free
So why be I? why be I?
Why be me? - why be me?
Young Black Intelligent (x7)
Young Black...

[Outro: Chuck D]
In this state of emergency and sense of urgency
Just how young is young?
Cause the youth be not youth for long
Young society might be afraid of you
But you continue to be you
We are you, so we feel you
For that those that see you
We salute you
Continue to find like minds, brah
Design your inside, concentration, desire
Dedication, inspiration, perspiration
Is the hard work
Doesn't guarantee anything
But without it, you don't stand a chance
Intelligence will save you
And us too
Peace1Embed