Beanie (Mack Bitch) Lyrics[Produced by Just Blaze]

[Beanie Sigel]
You know my name, bitch
Uhh.. yeah.. hold up
The streets gave me heat, and the Eagle was the thing that they gave me
It's the rap guerilla that still clap...fucker
Yeah, guess who's back?

[Verse 1]
Mack, bitch - I move blocks and pounds
I move out with small blocks and towns
Move out with small Glocks and pounds (uh-huh)
And I take everything to the table, bag and rock it down
Fuck who watching now; the neighbors, they in pocket now
Fuck you haters -- cop some pocket now
When it come to coke, you can't outwit me; mine cheap
'Bout to take over the city of Philly like John Street
Nigga, ask all y'all fiends, they call me Chef Boy-ar-Beans
Beanie Crocker, cook coke proper
Right amount of flour sifting it up
Coke spots running by the hour, shifting it up
Graveyard shifts, move packs in bundles
Braveheart kids, use gats don't rumble
Gorilla niggas going apes in this concrete jungle
Banana clips'll make them monkeys humble
[Hook]
BEANIE! Sigel was the name that they gave me
BEANIE! Sigel was the name that they gave me
BEANIE! Sigel was the name that they gave me
BEANIE! Yeah, but guess who back

[Verse 2]
It's Mack, bitch - uh-huh, back in the mix of the scuffle
I'm in the hood with them chips like Ruffles
Box man, Frito Lay, for that free dough boxing
You will lay, nigga I'm not playing
Listen, whether I make cash or take cash
I'm in the hood eating with my dog like when we break fast
B's on the hood and the wheel and the brake pad
Shit, when I skate past, bitches shake ass
I sit four-thirty deep in wheels
You 'bout four-thirty cheap in wheels - small Benz
Look at your small rims, small wheel, small grill
Big Beans, sitting in Bentley my heart peels
Zero to sixty so quickly -- how you want it? You can have it
Drop top, stick shift, automatic
Back wheels still smoking
6-4 still rolling, 3 wheel motion, it's ferocious

[Hook]
BEANIE! Sigel was the name that they gave me
BEANIE! Sigel was the name that they gave me
BEANIE! Sigel was the name that they gave me
BEANIE! Yeah, but guess who back
You might also like[Verse 3]
On the low though (shh!), the whole city is mine
I'm trying to flood the whole city with dimes
I'm in the kitchen yeah, with that vision wear
Get them digits clear you can come and get them pigeons here
Niggas talk about the crack game slowed up, BULLSHIT
You switched your hustle when the rap game showed up (uh-huh)
While you wasting your time spitting them rhymes
I'm getting mine spitting them rhymes, plus still pitching them dimes
And the spot still sick with da grime
Glock 26 nigga but I'm sicker than nine
I'm live with the pound, small silencer calming the sound
Stick with the seven, strictly Smith with the seven (shit)
When I drop back and cock back
And pop that, I'm popping for keeps -
I'm not getting stopped in the streets
Imagine that a nigga trying to rock Mack
Only nigga did it was Jay, and he did it when I signed the contract
[Hook]
BEANIE! Sigel was the name that they gave me
BEANIE! Sigel was the name that they gave me
BEANIE! Sigel was the name that they gave me
BEANIE! Yeah, but guess who backEmbed