Love I’m Good Lyrics[Produced by AraabMUZIK & Karon Graham]

[Verse 1]
To my dear dearly departed
Shit's becomin' all that I feared, here's where it started
Seems that nothing's as it appears, swear it's retarded
No wonder I get speared by my peers, yeah I'm a target
It used to take a nation of millions for niggas not to be
AmeriKKKa's Most gave America hope
Back when the music had a message in it
We was rebels against it
The best was intended to lessen the gimmicks
But now y'all made a mess of it
And somebody gotta address this shit
Rakim would never wear a dress and shit
I ain't a pessimist to say I ain't impressed with it
Your hearing's bad, you think it's alive, now that's the death in it
When it was all about bars, wanted to weddin' it
Surround yourself with bullshit, you'll be liable to step in it
Came here with one objective, gettin' it further
Now I'm watchin' my first love die, witnessin' murder
When Common stopped lovin' ol' girl, what was he tellin' me?
Cold world, now she won't dig you without a melody
Love nerds, used to be into niggas with felonies
We need a new president, where the fuck is Eric B?
Or did my wordplay confuse her?
Now I see her with Young Thug and Future
Like what did you niggas do to her?
Now, my generalization is this generation
The imminent state of this gentrification, desensitization
I call her, she's in Marvin's room, everything is awkward now
She moved more to south, deserted her New Yorker crowd
Met her with a cane, she changed, prefer to walk it out
Stopped eatin' meat when she heard I worked in a slaughterhouse
Now she's a new dame glued to the fame
She used to hate accessorizin', now she's wearin' two chains
Relationship too strained, I don't know who to blame
When I tell her, "You changed", she say, "Who would be the same"
She right... cause this ain't the way we knew each other
Or do I face the fact that maybe we outgrew each other?
It took a while, but that's finally understood
She wouldn't change if she could
I swear if this is love, I'm good
[Hook]
Everything has changed, I can see it clear in fact
Starin' at these four walls, angry that they're starin' back
Took a while, now it's finally understood
Would we change it if we could?
I swear if this is love, I'm good

[Verse 2]
Look, I can't get with you at all, our issue is tall
You tied to every nigga now that dribbles a ball
Did I miss a red flag? You wasn't fickle before
I can't even ridicule y'all, that'd be a bitter resolve
Wanna talk about our history
I feel like everything you say is contradictory
Whenever you come visit me
I look at you and see remembrance, remnants
Plenty resentments, it's not you but there's resemblance
We diss each other all out of fun, shit amuses me
You threaten every girl I'm with, that just confuses me
Say you want kids real soon, now that's abuse to me
And I just write about it in song, you're like a muse to me
I wanna ask where you see yourself in five years
How you goin' about that, like what's the verdict?
I wanna ask if you ever replay the past over
And if you do, when you finished is it worth it?
I wanna ask if we love each other so much
How do we cause each other so much pain?
Still in all in each others lives
We've remained without a claim
I know some'll call that clinically insane
How do we remedy the games?
Was once enemies and then that energy refrained
Wasn't meant to be, the synergy had us mentally drained
Minimally sprained so relentlessly he aims
Despite when you said you never could depend on me again
Still we're here as none of this had ever taken place
Are we checkin' to see if someone's takin' our place?
As we front like we're takin' up space
I think currently the current we is makin' our case
But for what? Would that just seal it again
Did it all hurt so much? Do we wanna feel it again? I doubt it
Took a while, still nothing's understood
Would we change it if we could?
I swear if this is love, I'm good
You might also like[Hook]
Everything has changed, I can see it clear in fact
Starin' at these four walls, angry that they're starin' back
Took a while, now it's finally understood
Would we change it if we could?
I swear if this is love, I'm good

[Verse 3]
Look, I can see the pain in your eyes, I wanna fix it
But all your words are fuelin' my pride, so I'm dismissive
You think I wanna sit in this courtroom
Talkin' supervised, scrutinized by suit and ties? You a lie
You could cry, the conditions of you and I, can't escape it
Every lie she told you over the years, I'm face to face with
And now they manifested
You're overwhelmed and congested
But feelin' neglected, I gotta respect it
I can't explain to your so young brain
Since our first exchange you've been kept from me
Used against as weaponry
And as much as I hate her
I'd never downplay your mother like that
For you to judge her like that
Just a lesson later on that you'll discover like that
We not alone in this process, no, it's others like that
But you spew these sly remarks like, "Why are we here?
Like why are you near? Like why do you care, how is this fair?"
I gotta eat that, see you got a grudge, lil' nigga
We flesh and blood, lil' nigga, no ifs, ands or buts, lil' nigga
You can think your dad is nuts, lil' nigga
I'm talkin' to you cause you came out of my nuts, lil' nigga
That's my stance on the matter, I won't budge, lil' nigga
And I'll tell that to your mother and the judge, lil' nigga
At our next court date, you gon' see that it's true
Funny, my condescendin' ways, I kinda see 'em in you
Mannerisms when I'm annoyed, yep I'm seein' that too
I'm smilin', admirin' genes, I kinda think that it's cute
I was you 20 years ago when pop popped up
But nothin' like you, sad how life'll recycle a cycle
You missin' intel only a dad can give
Can't expect you to understand, this doesn't matter to a kid
And since our situation's not understood
I would fix it if I could
I swear if this is love, I'm good
[Hook]
Everything has changed, I can see it clear in fact
Starin' at these four walls, angry that they're starin' back
Took a while, now it's finally understood
Would we change it if we could?
I swear if this is love, I'm good2Embed