Gimme Some More Lyrics[Intro]
Yeah, as a shorty, playing in the front yard of the crib
Fell down, and I bumped my head
Somebody helped me up and asked me if I bumped my head
I said, "Yeah"
So then they said, "Oh, so that mean we gon', you gon' switch it on 'em?"
I said' "Yeah, Flipmode, Flipmode is the greatest"
Knowing as a shorty, I was always told
That if I ain't gon' be part of the greatest
I gotta be the greatest myself
C'mon, c'mon, yeah, c'mon
[Verse 1]
Yeah, nigga, what? What a surprise
Give ya Some'n, make a nigga close both of your eyes
All my niggas gettin' money capitalize
Die little small guy, we on the rise
Everything a nigga touch platinumize
Fully equipped, you know we come wit' all the supplies
Got a big gun, and I'ma show you the size
You fuck wit' any of my Flipmode family ties
Me and my niggas be comin' through stalkin' you out
Killin' off any and everything you talkin' about
See you in the club, now we walkin' you out
Shoulda' thought twice 'fo you went and opened your mouth
Yo, anyway we stay keepin it movin'
Fuckin' with the wrong nigga, hope you know what you doin'
Now blame me, all the same niggas is lame
It's not a game, makin' names still splittin' your frames!

[Chorus]
Y'all niggas had enough? (Gimme some more)
Y'all niggas want the wild shit? (Gimme some more)
Yo, Spliff, where the weed at? (Gimme some more)
I know ya'll niggas need that (Gimme some more)
Even though we getting money you can (Gimme some more)
With the cars and the big crib (Gimme some more)
Everybody spread love (Gimme some more)
If you want it let me hear you say it (Gimme some more)
You might also like[Verse 2]
Flash with a rash gimme my cash flickin' my ash
Runnin' with my money son go out with a blast
Do what you want, a nigga's cuttin' the corner
You fuckin' up the order, go ahead and meet the reporter
Yo, she tellin' news on how you switch to a bitch
Little fake funny style, nigga chill with a snitch
So now I pass you straight up I don't got nothing to ask you
Make a little room for me and all my niggas to pass through
Cartier, Sidney Poitier, hooray shit
What with all my niggas from around the way shit
When I come through you niggas know I do my thing
Bring more shit that generate money, cha-ching
Arrest you lyrically flow and caress you
Bless you, then a nigga come to your rescue
While you assume a nigga blossom and bloom
I'm comin' soon, hit you with a boom, gimme some room!

[Chorus]
Y'all niggas had enough? (Gimme some more)
Y'all niggas want the wild shit? (Gimme some more)
Ay, Spliff, where the weed at? (Gimme some more)
I know ya'll niggas need that (Gimme some more)
Even though we getting money you can (Gimme some more)
With the cars and the big crib (Gimme some more)
Everybody spread love (Gimme some more)
If you want it let me hear you say it (Gimme some more)
[Verse 3]
Yo (Yo)
Live nigga shit, know what I mean?
I represent while we gettin' money and reign supreme
Hope you niggas know we comin' through full-steam
Can't see me—better turn on your high beam
All my niggas wildin', ringin' the siren
(Flipmode!) be the glory niggas on my team
Never should you ever try to fuck wit' my cream
I O.D. when my shit get all in your bloodstream
Every time we be rippin' it, be blowing it down
Blowing you off fuckin' wit' the hottest niggas around ('round)
Ruckus when me and my people run through your town
Holdin' it down takin' a while and then gimme my crown
Aye, (Yo) all my people need to come and surround
A nigga be hittin' so much it make you fall on the ground
Sure to make you shout that's what I be all about
Turnin' you out makin' all you niggas fall out!

[Chorus]
Y'all niggas had enough? (Gimme some more)
Y'all niggas want the wild shit? (Gimme some more)
Yo, Spliff, where the weed at? (Gimme some more)
I know ya'll niggas need that (Gimme some more)
Even though we getting money you can (Gimme some more)
With the cars and the big crib (Gimme some more)
Everybody spread love (Gimme some more)
If you want it let me hear you say it (Gimme some more)

[Produced by DJ Scratch]19Embed