Baby Lyrics[Intro: The Dream & LL Cool J]
LL (LL)
I see you J
The American Dream
Radio killer
Yeah! (Yo, I don't think they can handle this one man)
Alright alright alright, call the radio and tell them it's your song
It's your song, it's your song, it's your song, it's your song
Sing it with me baby! Dream! Uh!
Girl come on, girl come on, girl come on (Shorty I'm your)
[Hook: The Dream, LL Cool J, LL Cool J & The Dream]
Cause I'm your baby, (Your) your baby, (Your) your baby, (Your) your baby (LL, The American Dream)
I'm your baby, (Your) your baby, (Your) your baby, (Your) your baby  (LL, The American Dream)
I'm your baby, (HEY!!!) Your baby, (HEY!!!) (Uh!)
Your baby, (HEY!!!) Your baby, (HEY!!!) (I see you're hatin' on!)
I'm your baby, your baby, yeah (Smooth it out, smooth it out)

[Verse 1: LL Cool J]
Met this little girl she was off the hook
I got cold chills when her body shook
Hot sex on the platter, no need to cook
I let her steal my heart like a horny crook
Had her grinding and winding against my leg
She messin with my head, wanna play in the bed
Sexy pumps on, toenails red
Your body's a gun baby, pump me full of lead
It hard to hold you when you moving vulgar
Peace sign on your eyes like John Travolta
My Pulp ain't Fiction, it's an addiction
To see your booty clap on the floor in the kitchen
Nasty girl, taught me all the lingo
While mama play bingo, she ride mandingo
She don't give a damn if I'm married or single
She makes me tingle, shorty I'm your

[Hook: The Dream, LL Cool J, LL Cool J & The Dream]
Cause I'm your baby, (Your) your baby, (Your) your baby, (Your) your baby
I'm your baby, (Your) your baby, (Your) your baby, (Your) your baby
I'm your baby, (HEY!!!) Your baby, (HEY!!!)
Your baby, (HEY!!!) Your baby, (HEY!!!)
I'm your baby, your baby, yeah
You might also like[Verse 2: LL Cool J]
She likes hip-hop and R&B
Her lifetime goal is to be on TV
She looking for a man that could give her a break
Like Usher or Justin Timberlake
I'm really not sure if her breasts are fake
Cause with whipped cream on 'em, they taste just like cake
We drink some beer inside of daddy's '64
She shot me in the back with cupid's arrow
We finish the 6-pack, she push the seat back
Pulled up her dress and she let me peep that
I'm drunk as a skunk, feeling all dirty
Truck stop bathroom at 7:30
Bought her some dessert, give a damn if it's early
Head spinning around like roller derby
Everything about her says you dont deserve me
I hope I'm worthy, cause shorty I'm your

[Hook: The Dream, LL Cool J, LL Cool J & The Dream]
Cause I'm your baby, (Your) your baby, (Your) your baby, (Your) your baby
I'm your baby, (Your) your baby, (Your) your baby, (Your) your baby
I'm your baby, (HEY!!!) Your baby, (HEY!!!)
Your baby, (HEY!!!) Your baby, (HEY!!!)
I'm your baby, your baby, yeah

[Bridge: The Dream]
You need something like me? (Yeah!)
Cause he ain't nothing like me (No!)
You can search but you never gon' find (No!)
A love that's quite like mine (No!)
Need a man that can love you good
And treat you like he should
With me shorty you the shit
He might be good but he ain't like this
Cause I'm your baby
[Verse 3: LL Cool J]
In the back of the pickup clothing ripped up
She see my chrome wheels, it gets more real
Running and laughing, music blasting
Side over the road bent over crashing
Mouth all dry, I can feel the urge
If you see my mama, dont say a word
The cops wanna know why my words are slurred
Don't ask me officer ask hurr
"Wanna another drink baby?" She like, "Sure"
"Wanna hit the club?" She like, "I dont curr"
She all in the rear-view doing her hurr
Hairspray and lip gloss everywhurr
This all happens on an average day
Your life is a trip girl, I'm here to stay
Never had a girl make me feel this way
Even though I had to pay, shorty I'm your

[Hook: The Dream, LL Cool J, LL Cool J & The Dream]
Cause I'm your baby, (Your) your baby, (Your) your baby, (Your) your baby
I'm your baby, (Your) your baby, (Your) your baby, (Your) your baby
I'm your baby, (HEY!!!) Your baby, (HEY!!!)
Your baby, (HEY!!!) Your baby, (HEY!!!)
I'm your baby, your baby, yeah1Embed