What Up Lyrics[Produced by Boi-1da & DJ B-Do]
[Intro: Drake]
Yeah, yeah
Uh
High Rollers, what's up?
Dreams Houston, what's up?
Onyx, what's up?
You does it, baby, you does it, baby
Harlem Knights, what's up?
Treasures, what's up?
Legends, what's up?
Just love me, baby, just love me, baby
Yeah (Yeah)
[Verse 1: Drake]
To all my Houston, Texas country muffins
Baby, let me hit that liquor and that blunt you puffin'
And after that, I'ma throw that fucking young money up and we can both watch it fall like it's bungee jumping
Man, I'm so high
Next time we won't smoke all of the ounce you buy (Ooh)
I almost forgot to blow the candles out 'cause I don't really wanna fall asleep and light this house on fire
Goodnight, I'm still up, I told my girl to lay down
I see the bottle is full, I'm 'bout to drink it way down
What up, Bun, my nigga? Man, you know we stay down
And I'm a honorary resident in UGK town
I'm on my way
Yeah, I'm on my way
I never give a fuck about what any nigga say
The music all slow and the bitches all pretty
Me and Pimp about to do it for the city in this thang

[Chorus: Drake]
What up? What up?
H-Town in this bitch
What up? What up?
Me and Pimp about to do it for the city
What up? What up?
What up? What up?

[Verse 2: Pimp C]
Uh
Money by the ton (Ton)
Bricks from crumbs (Crumbs)
Billionaire from nothin' (Nothin')
Mind on hustlin' (Uh)
Pussy's a commodity but dick sells better
Went from Dickies and house shoes to a cashmere sweater (Uh)
Paint done got wetter than it was in nine-fo' (Fo')
The drank done got thicker and the dirt weed rolled (Rolled)
Nine-six Impala with the stick on the flo' (Flo')
Now, it's Bentley fo' do's with Madrona on the do's (Do')
That's light wood, nigga (Nigga), Polo, fuck Hilfiger ('Figer)
Jammin' Slim Thug (Thug) and belly full of drugs (Drugs)
Young Hogg nigga (Nigga), underdog nigga (Nigga)
Yellow lights on the ground cut through the fog, pussy nigga
Yellow diamonds on my finger, playin' in the car (Car)
My dick wanna fuck but my pockets say stop (Stop)
Not 'cause they empty, I'm just greedy for some more (Mo')
I need some mo' dough, I'm a P-I-M-P fo' sho'
You might also like[Chorus: Drake]
What up? What up?
H-Town in this bitch
What up? What up?
Me and Pimp about to do it for the city
What up? What up?
What up? What up?

[Interlude: Bun B]
What up doe?
Young Drizzy
Sweet James Jones
Bun Beeda

[Verse 3: Bun B]
Well, it's the trill O.G., I got the neighborhood soul
Kush is lit, I'm gettin' blowed
Ridin', bangin', get throwed in the candy painted low (Low)
Chrome grille in front of it, belts on the back of it
My chromey shoes runnin' shit
Shorty on the side of me is straight up off the King cover (Cover)
Don't care what anybody say long as the king love her (Love her)
Wish I could tell her that I don't but it would kill her
I just keep on grippin' grain (Drippin' stain), bein' trilla
Ain't another brother realer, blowin' thousand dollar killa
With that Filipino flow that I just got in from Manila
'Bout to snow up in my city so let me put on my chinchilla
In the 'Rari doing donuts like my name was J Dilla (Dilla)
All about the skrilla so just point me to the dealer
Keep the work up in the attic and the money in the cellar (Cellar)
Your girl up in the second, automatics for the fellas (Fellas)
You see us in the back then all you gotta do is tell us
[Chorus: Drake]
What up? What up?
H-Town in this bitch
What up? What up?
H-Town in this bitch
What up? What up?
H-Town in this bitch
What up? What up?
Me and Pimp about to do it for the city3Embed