Redman Meets Reggie Noble Lyrics
Ah! Look out, you must've got hit with some bullshit
Yo, where at?
Smack dead across your lips
Can you talk?
Ahm ahh...
Yo, yo, Redman, what the fuck was that?
I don't know, but it's on my top lip
Don't crack jokes or pop shit
Just get it off my top lip
Or Reggie, you'll get drop-kicked
Okay, be still, chill, I'm gettin' it off your grill
What was it?
Some of that pussy you ate this morning from that bitch Jill (Yeah, motherfuckin' right)
But come on, check it
Let's get busy on this record
So we can make the dough and make girls like Kiki Shepard get naked
On the strength
Party with Machine and Oprah Winf'
First class tickets, hotel bitches puffin' mad blunts
Blunts?
Blunts
Blunts don't rhyme with Oprah Winf', chump
Who cares what rhymes with it long as the funk pump through my Benz trunk?
Now, you know you don't own a Benz
Yes, I do, and chrome's the trim
Black with a system, when it's hittin', I'm pullin' mad skins
With Olde E sittin' in between my lap
And when brothers act up, a gun machine I pack
The original P-Funker, the jewel trunk, a funker
When I'm sexin', my bat is bigger than Eddie Munster's
Like maxin'
Wait, wait, wait, could we get on with the tape?
Lights, camera, uh, action
Welcome to Red's tape, may I take your order?
It's a slaughter if you order the hit without the water
'Cause if swallowed without the damn water to follow
You might be doin' a stupid dance and win a grand at the Apollo
Or rough-snap necks, drink Olde E, or crack Becks
Wreck anything that's wet when I have sex
For instance, I mix with a style that make you shit bricks
Tsk-tsk, I'm musically gifted, terrific
Boom-shak-lak, Red got crazy knocks
And knots in the pots
Got props from here to George Washington Bridge
I get biz, I use hats, so no kids
Fuck, I took out more suckers than a ho did
Wait, wait, but hold up, I don't think I can freak the funk like that
I might have to mack because my afro is like Shaft
Puffy, fade it quite lovely and to snuff me
Get your gang 'cause I'm fightin' with more power than Chuck D
Chuck D from Public Enemy?
Yeah, he's a friend of me
The one that say, "Brother and sister?"
Yeah, but he's no kin to me
I'm strictly negro, I freak the style and it goes (Boom)
If a stitch in time saves nine, then I got shit sewed
Put pins in needles and needles in pins
A happy man is a happy man that grins
When I'm hittin' skins, fuck skins, I'm hittin' puss when it's douched
Then eat it when the puss is well cooked
Look
Up in the air?
No, the cab
Who's in the cab?
What the— it's Superman, why?
Because it's hotter than a motherfucker out here
Oh, word you doin' that?
Yo, Red, I'm gettin' the fuck out of here, man
Yeah, me too, man
Oh, I forgot to tell you, Willia called for you
Willia who?
Will ya suck my dick?​
Ayo, fuck you, big, big nose bitch
I hate your stupid ass
You a stupid motherfuckerYou might also like3Embed