Major Distribution Lyrics[Chorus: 50 Cent & Snoop Dogg]
I'm trying to move 1 brick, 2 brick, 3 bricks, four, more
I'm trying to move 5 bricks, 10 bricks, 20 bricks, raw
I smoke one ounce staring at the caddy on the showroom floor
Now I'm trying to move 5 pounds, 10 pounds, 20 pounds, more, boy

[Verse 1: 50 Cent]
Run tell the Bloods I’m crippin', go tell the Crips I’m Blood
Nigga, I be trippin', bitch, I don't give a fuck
I put the K on niggas, I spray on niggas
Come through 2012 XJ on niggas
I'm an apex predator, nigga, I'm stronger
Shooters on deck, I break bread and they on ya
Niggas said I fell off, oh, you heard I fell off?
Why the fuck would you be repeating that?
Nigga, I'm a rap tycoon, make a 100 mill by June
Now who the fuck said I can't rap, Jay?
I'm in a dope fiend's dream, I got it for 'em raw
I got that morphine memories, I've been breaking the law
I was born a burner, in the stroller with the llama
I'm violent, I kill a nigga, put that on my mama
Nah, nah, don't tell me nothing about none of these niggas
I smoke all these niggas for this bread
[Chorus: 50 Cent & Snoop Dogg]
I'm trying to move 1 brick, 2 brick, 3 bricks, four, more
I'm trying to move 5 bricks, 10 bricks, 20 bricks, raw
I smoke one ounce staring at the caddy on the showroom floor
Now I'm trying to move 5 pounds, 10 pounds, 20 pounds, more, boy

[Verse 2: Snoop Dogg]
I give a fuck about a fed as I jump up outta bed
5 pounds, 10 pounds, 20 pounds, yeah
I'm trying to put this shit away on the low
I need a hit a day, think you better get away
From my, oh, my, I got a birdie that'll fly
From Cali to Kingston, back to NY
Snoop's smash the kush, from 5 to 9
Come by and get you some pounds and now you flying high
Run with the metal with my foot to the pedal
G's with the trees and the C's on my level
5-0, you know I go hard, these fools call me Bogart
Head nigga in charge, these niggas soft as DeBarge
But I ain't tripping, I'm just flipping my cheese
Cause if you really want the bomb come and fuck with your G's
I got it, always kill, always will
Had that, sit that, my nigga get that, you hear that?

[Chorus: 50 Cent & Snoop Dogg]
I'm trying to move 1 brick, 2 brick, 3 bricks, four, more
I'm trying to move 5 bricks, 10 bricks, 20 bricks, raw
I smoke one ounce staring at the caddy on the showroom floor
Now I'm trying to move 5 pounds, 10 pounds, 20 pounds, more, boy
You might also like[Verse 3: Young Jeezy]
5 AM in the kitchen, nigga, I'm coughing
Bag full of white 8 balls, I'm going golfing
Now homie got killed last night, bought him a coffin
Retaliated the same night, made him a dolphin
Guess that's the life of a yay' flipper
Choppers making your ass get naked just like a stripper
Got cameras for the jackers, home invaders, man
Them niggas coming all black like they Raiders fans
All I saw growing up was kilos and gangbanging
Then the homie taught me to whip, gamechanging
Now I'm breaking down birds on the coffee table
Yeah, and half them bitches sold 'fore they off the table
Gotta look, nigga wantin' my half, I’m gonna split it
The type of nigga work that visit like it's a skillet
Less Soda, more water, stretching like it's elastic
Weigh it up in 250's, wrap it up in plastic, yeah

[Chorus: 50 Cent & Snoop Dogg]
I'm trying to move 1 brick, 2 brick, 3 bricks, four, more
I'm trying to move 5 bricks, 10 bricks, 20 bricks, raw
I smoke one ounce staring at the caddy on the showroom floor
Now I'm trying to move 5 pounds, 10 pounds, 20 pounds, more, boy

[Outro: Snoop Dogg]
Yeah, you know what it is. It's your cripping cousin, 5-O. Anytime you need that mothafuckin' smoke, you know I got it, cuz. You need 5 pounds, 10 pounds, 20 pounds? Whatever you need, you know I got it. And if them niggas out there in the NY need it give 'em my connect so I can hook them niggas up with that. Ooh wee, ooh wee! We tryna move this shit, cuz. For real though. I got too much of this shit, homie. Yeah, I'm Bob Marley reincarnated. Jah! Rastafari!10Embed