Name Game (Remember) Lyrics[Chorus: Kate Nauta]

I've been called many things for many reasons
Many men die in any season
I will be, I will be
Verse and chapter, forever after
In the midst of tears hear my laughter (Treach speaking: Oh we back on that again, huh?)
I will be, I will be… (Treach speaking over the hook: "if they don't know you they don't know you")

[Verse 1: Treach]
I inspire a whole entire world
That lives like Sopranos and The Wire
Anthony ?, a mean player, hold your head you stay up?
Ain't a dream slayer, I'm a team player
Remember that one
Get torn like wet tissue
Remember names is the issue
Remember whether names or initials:
DGH, OPP, uh, CGP, GSG
It's in the end, all we are
Till our RIP, don't start me out
Gotta hold your brain man cause ? is brain aid?
Ain't nothing changed, it's still a fucking name game
They'll remember my name like a stripper knows a titty spot
Or like a gangster knows a city block
Whether I'm poor like November they'll remember
Like I'm a member of...you know the name…

[Chorus (overlaps Treach's last line)]

I've been called many things for many reasons
Many men die in any season
I will be remember remember
I will be remember remember
Verse and chapter, forever after
In the midst of tears hear my laughter
I will be, remember remember
I will be, remember remember
I will be
You might also like[Verse 2: Treach]

Look at the gun, name the trigger
Look at the lane, name the nigga
Name the liquor from his last hiccup
Remember the rat like the jail you entered
Remember his name like the judge that sent ya
Remember the ? remember the writers
Remember the voting (?) remember the riders/rioters?
Don't give the shirt off your back leave them naked
Don't ask for respect nigga, go and take it!
I'm repping team Jersey
Make them remember your name
Like you were wearing a team jersey
On the back of it
Don't fall back to shit?
Ghetto activists
Want some bastard/faster? shit
It still is the same
Real in the game
Feeling my main instead of feeling my pain
I'm real in the game, Im dealing with gain
They gon' remember my name, believe that


[Chorus: Kate Nauta]
[Verse 3: Treach]

I used to be known for selling good dope
Suicide's a good road; for me, nope
Now I'm known for giving the hood hope
Cheated death to starve a face like a martyr
Here to give my final destination a harder departure
Bye negativity, I be known for being better me
Known to leave a long legacy
Cause we don't know what the future gives
You gon' remember my name
Like the feds know a fugitive

[Chorus: Kate Nauta] x 2Embed