On the Bugged Tip Lyrics[Intro]
Yo, on the M-I-C right about now
I go by the name of Big Daddy Kane
I got my man Scoob Lover on the side of me
DJ Mister Cee on the wheels of steel
Dre on the film and Marley on the boards
We gonna do a little something like this:

[Verse 1]
[Big Daddy Kane, Scoob Lover & both]
Some like it hard and some like it soft
Yo, bust the groove as I set it off
But wait a minute...
Yo Scoob, what's up?
Pardon me a moment as I interrupt
For what?
For this:
You like the stylish clothes we wear
And you like our flat-top style of hair
It's just those bugged out things we do
That make the girlies wanna stare
Like when we're chillin' with the crew
Or drinkin' that Old English brew
Straight from the bottle not the cup
And it gets us more than just fucked uuuuup...
And I like it yall..
..like it yall...
Like it yall...
...like it yall
Scoob Lover, won't you hype it yall?
[Verse 2]
Well, I'm the S-C double-O B-L-O-V-E-R- uh
Ladies come to me, I'll be your midnight horror
Need a flat top? Come to Scoob, I'm the barber
Of Da Ville
And that's right
Try to step to us, watch what you get
Cuz me and Big Daddy's not havin' it
Well, it's the Big Daddy, so all hail
Save your wack rhymes, hold your female
Pass the Old Gold, trash the ale
Cash your food stamps, get the WIC out the mail
Love to eat shrimps, but I never eat snail
Eat a whole fish except for the tail
Keep food in the fridge so it don't get stale
And when there's nothing to eat, I bite my nails
So Scoob Lover, you know your rhymes are kickin'
Get on the mic, cuz you know you eat chicken
Now-now-now, I'm-a place a order for a Scooby snack
Not at the Chinese restaurant because I don't eat cats
Now who in the world can ever eat these?
When I'm at home, I chow down with ease
And say "More beef sausage, mom, please?"
That's right, Mommy Dukes, she feeds me swell
Coffee on the table, orange juice as well
Some of the things I say are outspoken
Guaranteed to have you chokin'
Bitin' MCs are the one I'm yokin'
Kane, I'm outta here, I guess I'll use my token
I'll walk through the gate if the turnstile's broken
Big Daddy, if you're down with me
Get on the mic on the count of three;
One, two, three...
You might also like[Verse 3]
Now I'm a black brother that's out to succeed
So step aside as I take the lead
Sexy young ladies of a light-skinned breed
"You got-you got-you got what I need!"
Outstanding, kind, cool and loyal
Drove all the way to Maaco just to change my oil
Cuz I'm the only child, you might think I'm spoiled
Touch the young ladies make their blood pressure boil
I got the ...hmm...hiccups, excuse me, sorry
Score a 100 Gs every time I play Atari
Put a hole in the Old Gold, blast the Bacardi
On the dance floor, hype moves I be freakin'
Makin' new steps up every single weekend
Not Abbot and Costello or Laurel and Hardy
I'm only here to PAR-TY!
Yo, check it out, check it out
Turn the music down, turn the music down
Turn the music down, here we go, here we go

[Verse 4]
We gonna end it like this in the place yall
It's like this yall, and you don't stop
Now, the name Kane is superior to many people;
It means King Asiatic Nobody's Equal
I hate to brag, but damn I'm good!
And if mics were a gun, I'd be Clint Eastwood
And if rap was a game, I'd be MVP:
Most Valuable Poet on the M-I-C
And if rap was a school, I'd be the principal
Aw fuck it, the Kane is invincible
To be specific, I may die one day
But my rhymes will remain like a hieroglyphic
It's a certain special skill, that takes much practice
I got it good; apparently you lack this
So in turn, sit back and learn
Listen close, this is for your own concern
Let me show ya, exactly how it's properly done:
Lights, Camera, Action! [laughter]3Embed