Beware Lyrics[Chorus: Prodigy sample]
I gave you fair warning, beware
I gave you fair warning, beware

[Verse 1: Big Pun]
Yo! What you thought, Pun's shit was weak? Now you can't sleep
Gotta keep your eyes open wide and hide your face from the streets
I'm like the beast with a warrant, far from a law man
Gave you fair warnin', now you on the stairs, fallin'
I'm callin' out any rapper that I doubt, smack him in the mouth
Throw him in the yoke—boom—then I knock him out
No doubt, Freddie Foxxx files
Twenty-shot auto Glock, blaow! Benny Blanc Puerto Rock style
With a twist of black and I'm proud, twist your cap and I'm out
Sleep with the fish-dips for yappin' too loud
What's happenin' now? Niggas is hard as hell but they Gargamels
Pickin' on the smallest victim gives 'em heart to kill
My squad is real and holds it down, the hardest regardless
Besides of the largest
We polish the floor with the rawest hardcore artists
Flawless victory, ya niggas can't do shit to me
Physically, lyrically, hypothetically, realistically
I'm the epitome of catchin' wreck
Catch you when you cash your cheque
Smash you when you pass, then jack you for your fuckin' 'Lex
Nothin' less than the best if the Squad did it
Hard-headed niggas better beware and fear like God said it
[Chorus: Prodigy sample]
I gave you fair warning, beware
I gave you fair warning, beware
I gave you fair warning, beware
I gave you fair warning, beware

[Verse 2: Big Pun]
Ayo, I warned you, now all niggas could do is mourn you
I'm born to kill and still thrilled to put it on you
There's no regrets, remorse only results in loneliness
Only the strong survive and strive through life as warriors
All of us die, some of us kill, even massacre
Who wanna try? Punisher will if you ask for it
I'm hazardous for your health and Hell's your next stop
For real, my shit's cocked, the world has just stopped
I'm not the one you should be underestimatin'
Come test your fate and I guarantee I'll be under investigation
You can't handle the whole, I'll slam you on your skull
Or we can go blow for blow like Evander and Bowe
You never know; however, though, I still hold the title
When all my rivals have chance to dance with Mr. Homicidal
Hand on the Bible, I swear to defend my crown
I've been around since forever and never let it touch the ground
Don't fuck around and catch a rude awakening
My crew's basically waiting patiently for you to move your patrons in
Then we'll surround you, form Desert Storm and pound you
Look around you, Terror Squad's everywhere, like Soundview
The Boogie Down do it like nobody, who are we?
The foundation—you're facing a whole army
You might also like[Chorus: Prodigy sample]
I gave you fair warning, beware
I gave you fair warning, beware

[Outro: Fat Joe]
Yeah, yeah, yeah! What's up now, partner?
Know I'm sayin'? Think this just some rap shit?
We do this shit for real
Terror Squad, nigga
Fuckin' shoot the place up
Motherfuckers know the time
This motherfuckin' rap game
Joe Crack, Big Dog Punisher, Full-A-Clips crew
What the fuck? WHAT!
Beware, beware, beware, beware, beware28Embed