The City Lyrics[Intro]
See any angels in the city
See any angels in the city
See any angels in the city

[Verse 1: The Game]
Tell them mothafuckas I'm forever paid
California king, wrestle gators in that Everglade
Drive up out that mothafuckin' swamp in the Escalade
So before you put that red rag in your pocket
I wanna see your fuckin' résumé
Started off on Ground Zero, then I start to levitate
Rip rappers a new asshole – I never hesitate
Dre Beats on, smokin' that chronic just to meditate
I'ma give 'em hurricanes until another levee break
You niggas is featherweight, I'm Aftermath's heavyweight
Now Dre's weapon of mass destruction is 'bout to detonate
When a nigga Wack found me, shit, I was sellin' weight
Now a nigga's sellin' millions, now it's time to celebrate
Performin' in front of millions, nigga, every race
6-4 in the '64, now watch the Chevy scrape
Fourth album, no five mics? Then let 'em hate!
But I'm not stoppin' till I'm the fuckin' king in every state
[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar]
Recognize my life, ridicule my fight
Give me fuel for the fire burnin' when I yearn these lights
In the midst of the hieroglyphs my fingertips start to write
Get familiar with Cartwright, ‘cause I want that shot
I'm a raging bull when the needle drops
For the record, I'ma wreck it, even if my record don't pop
I'ma tie a knot on a downtown buildin'
Let it tow behind me, tell 'em they can find me
In the dark with the ghetto children
Look at my heart, nigga, fuck your feelings, this is me

[Verse 2: The Game]
I'm sick of mothafuckas talkin' about "the West died"
Can't you hear my heart beatin'? That's the motherfuckin' Westside
You test me, you test God, I'm His son
It say in Psalms, you come at me
Then I can split you with this Tommy gun
You won't have no time to run
I'm from the Compton slums, and that's how the West ride
I'm from the city where two of the best died
Rest in peace to both of 'em, spit like I'm the ghost of 'em
Damn, I said I spit like I'm the ghost of 'em
Name your top 10, I'm harder than the most of 'em
Matter of fact, shorten your list, nigga, top 5
Game, Biggie, Hov… probably Pac, Nas
No particular order, bet a mill' that I slaughter
And serve niggas, give a fuck what you ordered
How dare you niggas pop fly
When I'm the nigga sold 5 mill' out the gate and numbers do not lie
You might also like[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar]
Recognize my life, ridicule my fight
Give me fuel for the fire burnin' when I yearn these lights
In the midst of the hieroglyphs my fingertips start to write
Get familiar with Cartwright, ‘cause I want that shot
I'm a raging bull when the needle drops
For the record, I'ma wreck it, even if my record don't pop
I'ma tie a knot on a downtown buildin'
Let it tow behind me, tell 'em they can find me
In the dark with the ghetto children
Look at my heart, nigga, fuck your feelings, this is me

[Verse 3: The Game]
I gave you The Documentary, shit was a classic
Gave you Doctor's Advocate, you ripped it out the package
Came with LAX, since critics said it was average
I was stressed the fuck out, torn between Aftermath and
Geffen, Interscope, now I got you in the scope
Spill the red ink on the paper, it's like my pen is broke
And this is what you all been waitin' for
I'm the lost angel knockin' on Satan's door
What the fuck y'all take me for?
I love you ‘cause you hate me more
I'm Kobe on the Lakers floor, except I give you 84
Shake you like Haiti's floor
Walk up on you, like, "What's goin' on, baby boy?"
Shots in that Mercedes door
Either I'm crazy or the black Slim Shady or
Could that be the reason that Baby said he would pay me more?
But I still owe Jimmy one more album
The best the West has ever seen, no disrespect to Calvin
[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar]
Recognize my life, ridicule my fight
Give me fuel for the fire burnin' when I yearn these lights
In the midst of the hieroglyphs my fingertips start to write
Get familiar with Cartwright, ‘cause I want that shot
I'm a raging bull when the needle drops
For the record, I'ma wreck it, even if my record don't pop
I'ma tie a knot on a downtown buildin'
Let it tow behind me, tell 'em they can find me
In the dark with the ghetto children
Look at my heart, nigga, fuck your feelings, this is me

[Verse 4: Kendrick Lamar]
Kendrick, and I wear pendant on my shoulder
Soldier, like a lieutenant
And the coupe tinted, got pulled over
Johnny always lock a nigga down, knowin' damn well
We don't wanna see the box like Manny Pacquiao
Little nigga Mayweather size
Ride like Pac in his prime; Thug Life is now on radar
'Til the federal come through and raid ours
Reminiscin' when the L.A. Raiders
Was in my home, snapback fitted on my uncle's dome
And I don't condone dickridin'
I'm addicted to Westsidin'
Livin' in a city where the skinny niggas die
And the semi bullets fly, but it turned me to a lion
Tryin'… and I mean that shit
Game came through, put the city on his back
I was in the city where a nigga hadn't seen that shit
"Compton!" – a nigga gotta scream that shit
Never went commercial, never TV-screened that shit
Can't block or screen that shit
Now everybody sing that shit!

[Outro]
Red is a very emotionally and intense color. It enhances human metabolism, increases respiration rate, and raises blood pressure. It has a very high visibility, which is why stop signs, stop lights, and fire equipments are usually painted red. It also represents one third of California's gang population. Needless to say, please dress accordingly while visiting the Los Angeles area. Also, tuck your jewellry, and keep your hands inside your vehicle. Thank you! Enjoy it!51Embed