Am I a Psycho? Lyrics
I see you looking at me
(Psst, hahaha, over here)
Looking at me, so I ask

Am I a psycho?
Am I a psycho?
Yeah, I’m a psycho
I guess I’m a psycho
You’re crazy! I like you, but you’re crazy
My tours paid me, so I used that dough to allure ladies
To manure bathe me
Never that, my mind's for sure shady
Pure Hades, Rev X said that he couldn’t endure to save me
Why do I let this stripper burn me on my arm with a cigarette in the same spot ten times in a row?
When I felt that burn, I palm the clitoris, I'ma get her wet
Sorry to get carried away
I feel stupid 'cause I ain’t did her yet
Maybe she never let a fine nigga stare at her breasts
I get vexed so N9ne bit her neck
Open! I try to contain it, but that dame thang’s soakin'
Alter ego say: "Why you let them gangbang folk in?"
Strange Lane hopin' I can maintain copin'
But ain’t nobody talkin' when the insane mane spoken
I like fire on my skin, blood on my draws
From up on her walls, I’m sufferin', I’m stuck in her claws
Stuffed in her jaws, huffin' and puffin', hollerin', I'm a dog
Afterwards I like really hot scaldin' water on my balls

Am I a psycho?
Am I a psycho?
Yeah, I’m a psycho
I guess I’m a psycho
You might also like
Mom? Dad? I’m no longer the boy you're used to seein'
I’ve changed a lot, plus I’ve grown to hate every human bein'
My mood swings have now turned
My dreams into gruesome scenes
Now I’m doin' things I don’t normally do when illusion seem
To be the only pleasures I can gain
Heck, if I was sane I would've put down the mic
And said, "Fuck it, I'll never rise to fame."
But with the wicked wreckage I contain
I could probably jeopardize your name
No lovey-dovey, let’s ignite the flame
If you’re lucky you'll survive the pain
Sorry, that ain't very merry to say
Why is this game so scary to play?
Well, let me think, 'cause every day
My balls are gettin' too hairy to shave
Pause a minute, I'm stressin' again
If I go to Hell, then Heaven's to blame
I don’t mean to come off crazy
But you mothafuckas seem to think I’m hella deranged
When I was seven years old
I fell on my head and I severed my brain
You think I’m lyin'? Then ask my mama
Nigga, she'll go tell you the same—
Should I be ashamed? No
I’m livin' my life so ghetto fabulous
Before you get bent out of shape
My nigga, let me ask you this
Am I a psycho?
Am I a psycho?
Yeah, I’m a psycho
I guess I’m a psycho

I stab you with this mic, and rap this verse I'm rappin' to you
Matter of fact, I’m rappin' through you
Never say my motherfuckin' name
Unless you absolutely have to
I am not no fuckin' jacket with no matchin' shoes
And you are not no fashion guru
Can’t even see you niggas, y'all wish I was rappin' to you
Matter of fact, act like I'm rappin' to you
If that gives you passion to use this as an excuse
Then just jump up out of conclusion
That I'm attackin' you dudes; it's just like old-fashion voodoo
Y'all ain’t even the shit, no, y'all ain’t even the doodoo
I got more flavor on the tissue paper under my two boots
So I’m slappin' you foolish with wooden paddles, you stupid
Babysittin' little bastards like little afternoon children
You can call me psychotic, but it’s more like schizophrenic
And I can't sleep, can anyone tell me
Just where my medicine is?
Guess I gotta show these minors just what my avenue is
Man, I swear I'm all about my brain like graduate students
I'm sorry, I didn't mean to hurt your feelings
I see your tears, come here, give me your face, let me clear it
But I wonder how it would look
If I were to peel it back with a skillet
Then I'ma feel it crack when I hit it
Then I'ma split it back when you heal it
Damn it, Bobby boy! What in the hell?
What in the heaven? What in the Earth?
Where is your mom? What are you, cursed?
Where are you from? Where was your birth?
Where was you first? Why weren’t you in church?
Why is there dirt all on your shirt?
Man, I think that you’re goin' berserk

Am I a psycho?
Am I a psycho?
Yeah, I’m a psycho
I guess I’m a psycho
Am I a psycho?
Am I a psycho?
Yeah, I’m a psycho
I guess I’m a psycho114Embed