Best Time To Be Alive Lyrics[Donald Glover]
But with all this, like, crazy stuff goin' on, with like, you know, rapes and, like, earthquakes and all this… I know, I put, like, rapes and earthquakes in the same category. (chuckles) Like, if my sister was like, "I got raped yesterday," I'd be like, "Did you hear about that earthquake? It was like a 4.5. It wasn't huge, but it was big enough." They're not the same thing.

But, with all this crazy stuff going on, people feel like it's the end of the world. Like, people just— People talk about, like— People say this is the worst time. I was talkin' to my dad the other day, and he was like, "Oh, man. Things are so bad, man. Things are so bad out here. I'm sorry. I just, like— It feels like this is the worst time to be alive, man. This is the worst time to be alive. I'm sorry, son. It's the worst time to be alive." And that's bullshit. That's crap, that is total crap. This is the best time to be alive ever. This is the best time there has ever been to be human and alive. That's the truth. It's the absolute truth.

Do you realize, like, just a couple hundred years ago, just a couple hundred years ago, people could come into your village, your community—whatever you want to call it—people could come in there—just a bunch of them—kill you, rape your wife, sell your kids into slavery and people would be like, "Well, what'd you expect? It's nighttime. My hands were tied. The sun went down."

You couldn't get away with that stuff now. Somebody would Twitter that shit. It would be everywhere. Be like, "Someone killed my mom and sold me and my brother to Greece. W-T-F?" It would be everywhere.

People say the same stuff about rap music. People are just like, "Oh, rap music now. Oh, it sucks so bad. Rap music now sucks. Now, back in the day, that was the good rap music. That was where the good rap music was at. I'm gonna walk me around with my… with my— Yeah, that's the good rap music." No, it's not. Have you ever listened to rap back in the day? It's always some dude bein" like: "Well, I went to the hat store today and I bought myself a hat Ha-ha-ha-ha!" It's like, "Nigga. Nigga, I don't want to hear your hat stories." So lame.Embed