We Started This Lyrics[Chorus]
We started the shit, and we gon' finish the shit!
We started the shit, and we gon' finish the shit!

[Verse 1: MJG]
Riding down the strip on a trip in my 'Ham sammich
Started this shit and I'm gon' finish yes I am dammit
We gonna slam it down like to hit it. Shit it is...
Time for them niggas in Memphis, Tenn to get deep within
How deep? shit the devil stay right down the street
And why you mad? the rebels tied a brother by his feet
For what, for what I don't know they tied him to a pickup truck
Then posted up in town like they didn't really give a fuck
I get rid of bigots with bad racial equalities
Bust back at KKK's who try to follow me
These hollow T's saving my ass in crucial situations
Any other tactics I need, I use imagination
A ten steps ahead of your ass type of nigga
Shit that I already know you try to figure
Give up, put your ship up, don't try to sail
Don't you see we got this shit built up, can't pry a nail
In my foundation my sound making too many bump all out the trunk
Get'em crunk blow blunts and buck jump
Ain't no luck chump we come intentional with this dope shit
Using a pen or a pencil back when I wrote this
Space age, feel it perculatin' but all this hurt and hatin'
Still keep on bringing people back to old situations
I change the stations but they playing the same list
We started the shit and we gon' finish the shit
[Chorus]
We started the shit, and we gon' finish the shit!
We started the shit, and we gon' finish the shit!
We started the shit, and we gon' finish the shit!
We started the shit, and we gon' finish the shit!

[Verse 2: Eightball]
Mental battle scars polluting my cranium
Watered down fake niggas I'm draining 'em and training 'em
Claiming them Suave House niggas to the dirt bitch
Cross the family and you gon' find yourself gettin hurt, bitch
Peace is all in a nigga mind it ain't reality
Fuck reconciliation, niggas don't want no unity
Born dyin every minute death is closer to me
Its like I'm in a movie, except I'm feeling everything
Pain when another motherfucker try to touch me
Anger when a petty player faker try to fuck me
8-B-A-double L, fat M-A-C
Nice with a mic and I don't think you wanna fuck with me
Love head doctors and I don't mean a psyciatrist
Bitches with that lip grip tighter than a gorilla fist
Pimp shit, when is everybody gonna learn
Pimps and gangstas make the universe turn
Poverty with the right amount of hustle turns to riches
But wrong situations turn hard niggas to bitches
I was born in the war zone fought for everything I got
Learned about my hustle, nigga worked and made the shit hot
Hoes started jockin niggas, boppin like they bitches too
Other niggas mad cause they only sold a tape or two
Fuck what you heard nigga fuck who you be
Suave got the hookup cause suave got the cheese nigga
You might also like[Chorus]
We started the shit, and we gon' finish the shit!
We started the shit, and we gon' finish the shit!
We started the shit, and we gon' finish the shit!
We started the shit, and we gon' finish the shit!
We started the shit, and we gon' finish the shit!
We started the shit, and we gon' finish the shit!
We started the shit, and we gon' finish the shit!
We started the shit, and we gon' finish the shit!Embed