I’m Sorry Ms. Jackson (50 Cent diss) Lyrics[Bridge: Jadakiss]
When it's all said and done, After they said I've won
All I'm going to say is...

[Hook: André 3000 & Jadakiss ]
I'm sorry Ms. Jackson (Hey!)
I am for real (Let's go)
Never meant to make your daughter cry (Uh-uh)
I apologize a trillion times
I'm sorry Ms. Jackson (Sensitive ass nigga, yeah)
I am for real
Never meant to make your daughter cry
I apologize a trillion times
[Verse 1: Jadakiss]
Tried to diss kiss to the world
And it's your fault cause she said she saw you kissing a girl
The hood was behind her for her whole career
But now they've slightly starting to disappeared
Something about that
She's always angry
Might have been when them girls trying to push her scalp back
Needed some head room
So she went out and bought Tyson's mansion with 18 bedrooms
She's a domestic boss
That don't leave no marks though, you got to digest those scars
In fact think you got to tell her to get back
Because every kiss rap is similar to a bitch slap
Too hard since way back in the school yard
She's hollywood though all she needs is a boobjob
Girl in the bubble, didn't mean to trouble her
Man but im a Calico, im double her
Really think you should tell her to chill cause
My resume is longer than a doctor bill was
I did the song with ja rule bigging the city up
She did the magic stick remix with olivia
She got more money but I get busier
Think somebody going to end up killing her

[Bridge: Jadakiss]
When it's all said and done
After they said I've won
All I'm going to say is...
You might also like[Hook]
I'm sorry Ms. Jackson
I am for real
Never meant to make your daughter cry
I apologize a trillion times
I'm sorry Ms. Jackson
I am for real
Never meant to make your daughter cry
I apologize a trillion times

[Verse 2: Styles P]
Hood had love for this bitch
Cause she came from south side queens with a thug ass click
Bitch got change, and she changed
Now she don't fuck with the hood, probably give a nigga brains
Bitch got boogie on a nigga
Went from the hood to hollywood got a movie on a nigga
Bitch talking greasy like new york sting
Sucking down south dick that's some new york thing
And the bitch used to be cool, hood even liked the bitch
We used to listen to her gettin’ the weed
She had stories of many men, times in the club and niggas that was wanksta but the truth was to see
Bitch ain't shyt, she was real good at bluffing it
Ordered protection on the niggas she was fucking with
Now that's a ho that you just can't trust
Hired cops, that's a ho that you just can't touch
Bitch moved out new york when they were swinging them Glocks
Bitch got a deep voice but she would be singing a lot
Bitch would sell her soul just to get on the charts
Want to front like she's gangsta but she got no heart
And she going to get hit by the mac and
All in the back and this time i bet the jaw will be cracking
She's going to get broken to fractions d block is the faction
All i can say is im sorry ms. jackson
[Hook]
I'm sorry Ms. Jackson
I am for real
Never meant to make your daughter cry
I apologize a trillion times
I'm sorry Ms. Jackson
I am for real
Never meant to make your daughter cry
I apologize a trillion times9Embed