Identity Theft Lyrics[Intro/Outro]
I get a feeling there's gonna be a riot...

[Verse 1]
Uh, it's looking like I'm headed back behind bars again
Cause bitches wanna start with Kim and I ain't with the arguing
I'm jet chartering, fresh cardigan
Getting my Martha in while these broke hoes borrowing
I guess it's back to stashing guns in the bra again
Pulling bitches out they car again
These swagger jackers give the game a bad look
Pop shit on Twitter and apologize on Facebook
And now they wanna send me requests
Telling me that I'm simply the best
I won't stop till I see my enemies rest
They probably get locked up for identity theft
I ain't got time for bum bitches, the gun get it
I come with it, anything you tryna do, I done did it
I'll let you live for a while but I'm dying with the crown
The queen's back, bitches, come get it
[Hook]
What y'all want, huh?
What y'all want, huh? Huh, huh
(Be careful what y'all wish for)
(Cause now she's pissed off)
(And y'all gon' feel her reign)
This what y'all want, huh?
This what y'all want, huh? Huh, huh
(Y'all got just what y'all wished for)
(Cause now she's pissed off)
(And ya'll gon' feel her reign)

[Verse 2]
Since you resist on running your jibbs off
After I drop these flowers for B.I.G. off
I'mma come and blow your lid off, like Adolf
Rolling up the tints, then peel off
Better wear your crosses and roseries, read the Qur'an
Pray to Allah for you think about approaching me
Uh, all I rock with is gutter niggas
Cut all affiliations with sucka niggas
I got bitches that'll gun-butt a nigga like Tameka and Tammy, uh
I gave birth to your style, watch how you speak to ya mammy
Your team can't fuck with my family
And I ain't talking Internal Revenue
I'm talking IRS, the Goodfella crew
Uh, you was never hard, check my repertoire
Fuck cash, my name is a black card
You might also like[Hook]
What y'all want, huh?
What y'all want, huh? Huh, huh
(Be careful what y'all wish for)
(Cause now she's pissed off)
(And y'all gon' feel her reign)
This what y'all want, huh?
This what y'all want, huh? Huh, huh
(Y'all got just what y'all wished for)
(Cause now she's pissed off)
(And ya'll gon' feel her reign)\

[Intro/Outro]
I get a feeling there's gonna be a riot...10Embed