The Convo Lyrics[Verse 1: DMX & DMX as God]
You tell me that there's love here, but to me it's blatant
That with all the blood here, I'm dealin' with Satan
Plus with all the hatin', it's hard to keep peace (Uh huh)
Thou shall not steal, but I will to eat
I tried doin' good, but good's not too good for me
Misunderstood, why you chose the hood for me?
Me? I'm aight; I just had to work hard at it
Went to grandma for the answer and she told me that God had it
So now here I am, confused and full of questions
Am I born to lose or is this just a lesson?
And who is gon' choose when it gets turned around?
And will it be laying in my own blood and on the ground?
My child, I've watched you grow up and I've been there
Even at those times you least suspected it, I was there
And look at what I've given you, a talent to rhyme
I may not come when you call, but I'm always on time
[Chorus]
Somebody's knockin'
Should I let 'em in?
Lord, we're just startin'
But where will it end?
Somebody's knockin'
Should I let 'em in
Lord, we're just startin'
But where will it end?

[Verse 2: DMX & DMX as God]
But when the funds are low, the guns'll blow
Lookin' for that one that owe, make 'em run that dough
No! Put down the guns and write a new rhyme
You'll get it all in due time
You'll do fine, just have faith 'cause you mine
And when you shine, it's gon' be a sight to behold
So don't fight to be old or lose sight when it's cold
See that light down the road? It's gon' to guide you there
Two sets of footprints, I was right beside you there
But what about them times I only saw one?
Those were the times when I was under the gun
It was then I carried you my son
Led you to safety, it just wasn't your time to face me (uh huh)
Ayo, a few of them times I thought you would erase me
When all you did was embrace me, prepared me for the worst
Offered me eternal life and scared me with the hearse
And the curse turned to grace when the hurt turned to faith
No more runnin' or slidin' in the dirt, 'cause I'm safe
You might also like[Chorus]
Somebody's knockin'
Should I let 'em in?
Lord we're just startin'
But where will it end?
Somebody's knockin'
Should I let 'em in?

[Verse 3]
So if I'm your man, I'm in your hands, what's your plan?
Never had a friend 'cause you couldn't trust your man
Learned to stand before I crawled, things were twisted
And if you showed me anything at all, then I missed it
Looked the wrong way, I've done some wrong things
Kept a bad attitude, but that's what wrong brings
And now you mean to tell me that after all this time
It was you that kept the dog from goin' out of his mind?
It was you that breathed life into my lungs when I was born?
And it was you that let me know what was right from what was wrong?
And it was you that let me do, what I knew what could be done?
And it was you that gave me a good wife and a beautiful son?
And it's been you speakin' to me inside my mind?
And it's been you who has forgiven time after time?
It was you who opened my eyes so I could see?
It was you that shined your light on me68Embed