Patriots Lyrics[Verse 1: Canibus]
I make your bitch crew shit stools
I put a pistol in your mouth to full, then I feed you to the pit bulls
Don't even talk about guns
The only nine you got is a five dollar bill and four one's
So I don't give a fuck what none of y'all niggas say
‘Cause anything that can't penetrate ricochet's
Rhyming with me on a record?
You might as well have died and went to Hell instead of Heaven
‘Cause my rhyme weapon is like a medieval torture method
Your four limbs tied to four horses all pulling in different directions
In this profession, I get busy without a question
Seeing me is like seeing a vampire's reflection
Fast and slow flows connect like electrodes
I make cassette tape decks blow when I'm in wreck mode
Explode, leaving areas abandoned
With more radiation behind than spots UFOs landed in
[Break: Pras, Canibus & (Free)]
Is that all soldier?
Yes, sir!
Is there anything you need?
No, sir!
Report back to me before the briefing, at ease!
Are you a Navy SEAL?
(Yes, sir!)
Then say it like you mean it!
Tell them who Free from the Navy Seal team is!

[Verse 2: Free]
Free be the one rocking shit, special operatives
Specializing in weapons diagnostics
My survival tactics be drastic like Rambo
I'm strangling niggas with my bow and arrow elastic
Whoever said you couldn't be 5 feet and thoroughbred
Never witnessed the cerebral cortex in my head
How many gigabytes does your hard drive hold?
Or does your hard drive fold once the signal hits the node?
Beyond mission control, the theory behind your thought
Marie Antoinette behead me, I still rock
While you choking, suffocating off your own testosterone
I'm known for breaking levels down to the values unknown
A specimen with extraterrestrial estrogen
Kick your intestines in, sell your testicles to Mexicans
I bring the force like a nutcracker
Annihilate rhyme hackers, Navy Seal linebacker
The last Oedipus remains unclaimed
So if you buck against Free, you better tattoo your name
On your teeth
I disintegrate those that oppose
Disintegrate hoes with they assholes in they nose
I suppose you wanna run your mouth like castanet
I put bitch niggas to rest in a bitch bassinet
You might also like[Break: Canibus & Free]
Is that all soldier?
Yes, sir!
Is there anything you need?
No, sir!
Report back to me after the briefing. At ease!
Are you a patriot?
Sir, yes sir!
Then say it like you mean it!
Tell them who Canibus from the Navy SEAL Team is!

[Verse 3: Canibus]
I'm the meanest motherfucker on this whole Navy Seal team
And I can kill anything if it bleeds or breathes
Calling all bitch-ass niggas and bitch-ass bitches
I got a Howitzer bigger than any 4/5th is
Rapping is a raw business
But as an individual I'm as different as anybody's fingerprint is
If boring is the norm, I'm the antonym
Put me in the same category you would put Marilyn Manson in
Bugging like a satanic evangelist
Jogging butt-naked down Sunset Boulevard in Los Angeles
Every MC in your crew will get ruined or wounded
You talk the bullshit and you too scared to do shit
I'm the type of nigga that will prove it, produce shit
Spent so much time in the studio I had to move in
A soldier who practices West Indian Obeah
I can drink the poison from a king cobra
‘Cause long after y'all are dead and gone
I'll survive the nuclear holocaust like a roach arthropod
[Outro: Pras & Canibus]
Is that all soldier?
Sir, yes sir!
Is there anything you need?
Sir, no, sir!
Report back to me before the briefing. At ease!1Embed