Ain’t Said Shit Lyrics[Hook: Ty Dolla $ign]
It's realness over millions
You niggas fake it till you make it though
It's love over money
Won't put my bitch over my niggas though
Yeah I had done seen a lot of fake shit
This bitch ain't bad, she basic
These niggas ain't said shit

[Verse 1: Pimp C]
Uh uh
Hoes sell pussy and I be selling rap's
I don't gamble with this game I ain't in to shooting craps
I don't fuck with no dice and I don't play with no cards
But I know how to get some paper with my dick when it's hard
I squeeze it like some lard, I'm a pimp like a hoe
I get down and dirty like a pit bull dog
Lose or fall, all jumping love it
I got the Bentley through the fall with having money
I've been hearing Devin since the Odd Squad
Original, them other niggas broads and frauds
Walking over your for sure pussy
Tryna get some more pussy
Them nigga gave my piece to suck in the right lane
Tell my bitch she still on my team
Cause she know if I was with it was all about some cream
Tell my bitch she still on my team
Cause she know if I was with it was all about some cream
[Hook: Ty Dolla $ign]
It's realness over millions
You niggas fake it till you make it though
It's love over money
Won't put my bitch over my niggas though
Yeah I had done seen a lot of fake shit
This bitch ain't bad, she basic
These niggas ain't said shit

[Verse 2: Devin The Dude]
It's time to roll, who got a cigar?
Oh shit I do, let me get that hoe from out the car
Fix it up and twist it up right quick
There's no surprise why my eyes like this
See I keep a cold blank
I smoke and hang all over the wall
The weed is good and stink
While putting my thing all over you love
But I'm never hard on them, I pet the cat softly
If papers involve I pull out my black sharpie
Because I'm much too cool to lose
To hot to be held
It's time to bail when the pussy starts to smell
And grip the grain like my man C
'Cause strangely mainly lames be tryna hang me
But I keep flipping keep stepping
Keep repping keep accepting all the head the hoes be giving
Its Devin in the house
Sweet off in my mouth
All the time I'm high high high
You might also like[Hook: Ty Dolla $ign]
It's realness over millions
You niggas fake it till you make it though
It's love over money
Won't put my bitch over my niggas though
Yeah I had done seen a lot of fake shit
This bitch ain't bad, she basic
These niggas ain't said shit

[Outro: Pimpin Ken]
Yeah yeah yeah man
This your boy www.pimpinken.net
Welcome back
Hey man dig this man
Me and my man Pimp C often times had conversation
And I always used to say "hey yo pimp man
Listen man pimping got to be in your blood man
But not in your surf mud
And definitely not up under yo rug, you dig?"
So man like these guys want to simp to pimping man
But you know what I'm saying
You can't simp to pimping
You know pimping got to be in you man
And not on you man, you know what I'm talking bout?
You got to have your pimp cologne on man
You got to smell like pimping man
Know what I'm saying
You roll up on the set, you feel what I'm saying?
Hey man you understand me?
A lot of guys thought that this pimping died
Hey man but Ken made sure that it multiplied
That's right man ain't no more itty bitty comity man
We doing big things
Big things popping little things dropping man
You know what I'm talking bout?
We dropping big oh books laying  around here man
You know what I'm talking 'bout?
The Art of Human Chess
You dig what I'm saying?
We making major moves man you know what I mean?
We still busting it real live you understand me?
Hey man how about the bitch man theirs the book now man
Know what I'm saying?
We sending the bitch out the door man you know what I'm saying
So she go get some more you know what I'm talking about?
Hey man we sliding that bitch know what I'm saying?
Around the world man you know what I'm talking about?
International bitch you know what I'm saying?
Hey man hey I just checked some money from Canada man
Hey man Pimp would be real proud of me man
'Cause you know what I'm saying?
Pimp said man
That pimping is moving to the net man
For all you hoes you understand, theirs vets
And all you niggas that move like corvettes
Hey man listen man
Put your pimping on the net man
You know what I'm talking 'bout?Embed