Freedom of Speech Lyrics[Intro]
Heh heh heh
Freedom of speech, motherfucker!

[Chorus: Pinocchio sample & Immortal Technique]
I got no strings to hold me down (Okay)
To make me fret or make me frown (Somethin' for the kids, hahahaha)
I had strings, but now I'm free
There are no strings on me

[Verse 1]
Step into the club smoothly with a L in my hand
Bitches know that I'm a freak like the Elephant Man
Intelligent plans, fuck a record deal
I want development land with my benevolent clan
And that's the reason that I only trust my fam
40,000 records sold, 400 grand
Fuck a middleman, I won't pay anyone else
I'll bootleg it and sell it to the streets myself (Haha)
I'd rather be that than signed and stuck on a shelf
And because of this, executives try to diss me (Fuck y'all)
Racism frozen in time, like Walt Disney
And now they say they wanna get me signed to the majors
If I switch up my politics and change my behavior (Huh)
Try to tell me what to rhyme about over the beat
Bitch niggas that never spent a day in the street
But I repeat that nobody can hold my reins
I put the truth on tracks, nigga, simple and plain
[Chorus: Pinocchio sample]
I got no strings, so I have fun
I'm not tied up to anyone
They've got strings, but you can see
There are no strings on me

[Verse 2]
I guess to America I'm a disaster (Oh no)
A slave that was destined to own his masters
Independent in every single sense of the word
I say what I want, you fuckin' little sensitive herb
This is America, I thought we had freedom of speech
But now you want try to control the way that I speak (What?)
And O'Reilly, you think that you a patriot? (Yeah right)
You ain't nothin' but a motherfuckin' racist bitch
Full of hatred, pressin' a button tryin' to eject me (Hahaha)
But I ain't got no motherfuckin' deal with Pepsi
No corporate sponsor tellin' me what to do
Askin' me to tone it down during the interview (Never!)
Tryin' to minimize the issue but I'm keepin' it large
I love the place I live but I hate the people in charge
Speakin' is hard when you got strings attached
So I'ma say it for you 'cause I don't got none of that
And if you didn't understand what I spit at your brain
Ayo son, let this little nigga explain
You might also like[Chorus: Pinocchio sample]
I got no strings, so I have fun
I'm not tied up to anyone
They’ve got strings, but you can see
There are no strings on me

[Verse 3]
Come on, son, y'all niggas know the way I do
Immortal Technique dot com live for you
And I know sometimes it be makin' you nervous
The way I snatch puppet rappers that belong in a circus
You motherfuckers just can't compare
Lookin' for a fanbase that's no longer there
I know that you're scared and you're hidin' up in the cut
But this is freedom of speech, nigga, tell 'em what's up

[Outro]
Word, nigga! Fuck John Ashcroft!
Nigga, fuck Fox News! Fuck those snake-ass bitches
Tryin' to manipulate your opinion, tellin' you what to think
Word the fuck up, nigga
Like, "We invaded niggas ‘cause we want to free them."
You racist mothafucka!
You don't give a shit about those people
You can suck my dick! (Hahahaha)
Relax, Tech, relax
Another rum and coke at the bar, nigga!
It's my day off, word up!
Fuck
For the kids (Ha), for the kids (Hahaha)
Beat Bandits5Embed