TranslationsPortuguêsAzərbaycanca / آذربايجانLow Life Lyrics[Intro]
High, high, get, get, gettin' high, everybody gettin' high
Get, get, get, gettin' high, you're unbelievably high

[Refrain: Future]
I just took some molly, what else? (Hey)
Got some bitch from Follies with us ('Scuse me, 'scuse me)
She gon' fuck the squad, what else? (I swear)
I'ma fuck her broads, what else? (Yeah, yeah!)
Bitch from Pakistan, what up? ('Rari!)
Ferraris and them Lambs, what else? (Skrrt, skrrt!)
'Bout to fuck this club up, what else? (Yeah, yeah!)
[Interlude: Future]
(Metro Boomin want some more, nigga!) (Turn up)

[Verse 1: The Weeknd & Future]
I turn the Ritz into a poor house (Turn up)
It's like eviction number four now (Woo)
Go 'head and ash it on the floor now (Swear)
Girl, go 'head and show me how you go down
And I feel my whole body peakin' (Yeah)
And I'm fuckin' anybody with they legs wide (Racks)
Gettin' faded with some bitches from the West Side (Woo)
East coast nigga reppin' North Side, never waste a ho's time (Freebandz)
Bitch, I'm on my own time, fuck a nigga co-sign (Woo)
Always change my number and my phone line (And my, and my)
Baby girl, I don't lie, used to have no money for a crib (Turn up)
Now my room service bill cost your whole life (Ayy)
If they try to stunt me, I go all out military (Turn up)
I'm camo'd all out, like I'm in the military (Turn up)
And free up all my niggas locked up in the penitenti' (Swear)
'Cause I'm always reppin' for that low life

[Chorus: The Weeknd & Future]
Reppin' for that low life (Turn up), low life, low life
Low life, know I'm reppin' for that low
Low life (Representin'), yeah (I'm representin')
Said I'm reppin' for that low life (Representin')
Low life, low life, low life, low life (I'm representin' for that low life)
Said I'm repping for that low life (I'm reppin', that's reppin', I'm reppin')
Low life, low life, low life (Rep, rep, rep, rep, rep, rep, rep, woo, woo, woo, woo)
Yeah
You might also like[Verse 2: Future]
Wake up, take a sip of Ace of Spade like it's water
I been on the molly and them Xans with your daughter
If she catch me cheating, I won't ever tell her, "sorry"
If she catch me cheating, I will never tell her, "sorry"
Porsches in the valet, I got Bentleys, I got 'Raris
Taking pain pills on the plane, gettin' chartered
Poppin' tags on tags, I was starvin'
Bitch, I got the juice and the carbine
Turn a five star hotel to a traphouse
Roaches everywhere, like we forgot to take the trash out
Flood my cross with ice, gettin' money my religion
Got my baby momma and my side bitch kissin'
I turn the Ritz into a lean house
This the sixth time gettin' kicked out
I can't feel my face, I'm on Adderall, nauseous
Niggas tryna ride my fuckin' wave, now they salty
Runnin' with the wave, get you killed quick
Shoot you in your back like you Ricky
Li'l Mexico, with no life to afterlife
My whole life, my whole life

[Chorus: The Weeknd, Future & Both]
'Cause I'm always reppin' for that low life (Wait), low life, low life
Low life, know I'm reppin' for that low
Low life (Representin'), yeah (I'm representin')
Said I'm reppin' for that low life (Representin', wait)
Low life, low life, low life, low life (I'm representin' for that low life, for the low life)
Said I'm repping for that low life (For the low life, I'm reppin' for the low life)
Low life, low life, low life (Wait, wait, low life)
Yeah
[Verse 3: Future]
Yeah, they stereotypin'
'Cause they know a nigga keep ten rifles (Ten rifles)
And they know a nigga keep ten snipers (Ten snipers)
Keepin' baby bottles like we wearin' diapers
Yeah, they stereotypin'
'Cause they know a nigga keep twenty rifles
And they know a nigga keep twenty snipers
And they know a nigga keep ten wifeys (Ha-ha-ha!)

[Bridge: Future]
Sniper, sniper, sniper, sniper, sniper
Wifey, wifey, wifey, wifey, wifey
That's your wifey, wifey, wifey, wifey, wifey?
I think I like her, like her, like her, like her
That's your wifey, wifey, wifey, wifey, wifey?
I think I like her, like her, like her, like her
Oh, that's your wifey, wifey, wifey, wifey, wifey?
I think I like her, like her, like her, like her, ha
Getting high, getting high, getting high, everybody getting high
Getting high, getting high, getting high, everybody getting high
Getting high, getting high, getting high, everybody getting high
Getting high, getting high, getting high, and I'm the reason why

[Refrain: Future]
I just took some molly, what else? (Getting high, getting high, getting high, everybody getting high)
Got some bitch from Follies with us (Getting high, getting high, getting high, everybody getting high)
She gon' fuck the squad, what else? (Getting high, getting high, getting high, everybody getting high)
I'ma fuck her broads, what else? (Getting high, getting high, getting high, and I'm the reason why)
Bitch from Pakistan, what up?
Ferraris and them Lambs, what else?
'Bout to fuck this club up, what else?

[Outro: Future]
We 'bout to fuck this club up, what else?221Embed