Everything Remains Raw Lyrics[Produced by Easy Mo Bee]

[Intro]
Word up, let me just fuck with your mind, please (Ay)
Ayoyoyo! Yo! Let me fuck up your mind
On time showin' you
The rhythm as I get wreck and get raw
Yeah, I be the man, comin' off, that be raw
It's Busta Rhymes, givin' you much more so—

[Verse 1]
Yo, y'all (Y'all), one more time I come (Come)
Knucklehead flow that make you act real dumb (Ha)
Yo (Yo), I burn your food like Florence (Hahaha)
Run up in your crib like my name was search warrants (Haha)
Shut your mouth, nigga, don't you complain (Ha)
Fix you up, mix you with cut like pro-caines
Oh! Insane to your brain (Ha)
Right on your subconscious, I leave my shit stain
I be the mostest with rhyme overdoses
Hot stepping over shit like Ini Kamoze's
Sick lyrics like multiple sclerosis
Focus (Focus), while I display flows ferocious (Ha)
Weak niggas just fall and keep tumbling
Distribute lyrics like I'm hand to hand herb hustling (Ha)
Hardcore like Quick Draw McGraw (Ha)
Fuck what you heard, you ain't heard this before (Ha! Ha!)
[Chorus]
I make sure everything remains raw
I make sure everything remains raw
I make sure everything remains raw
I make sure everything remains raw

[Verse 2]
Yo! When I step in the place I leave damages (Haha)
'Nuff bandages on pussy from miscarriages (Ha)
Yo! watch me bring the newest recipe (Ha)
Fuck you up quick and condemn you all with leprosy (Haha)
Let me hit you with flows (Ha), that come various (Hah!)
Send you home and make you lie bout your alias (Hah-hah)
Niggas can't see my routine
When I round up my Flipmode niggas and get cream
Hey, you! You know what the fuck I mean
Now I'm on the scene, stepping through like Mean Joe Green
Now I'm making you feel the extreme (Ha)
'Til I black you out then turn on my real high beam
Oh, shit! Now I got your brains fried
Once you inhale smoke from my flow, carbon monoxide!
Use your imagination, let me take you higher
Rain hail snow earthquakes, Earth Wind & Fire (Haa!)
Yo, hit the dirt, get on the floor
I'm that outlaw nigga living right next door
You should just roll out the red carpet (Yeah, word up)
All movin' targets (Word up), I got you open like supermarkets (Word up)
Yo-yo, there's only five years left (What, nigga?)
While niggas is scared to death they breathe they last breath (Ha!)
Days of my life goes on (Ha), word is bond
I make you feel my proton, neutron, and electron
Yo, I be the number one icon
Word to the holy Qu'ran, I rock on and on
On and on, hey, on and on and on
You won't understand when I form Voltron (Uh-huh)
You might also like[Chorus]
Hahahaha — everything remains raw (Word is bond)
I make sure everything remains raw (Word is bond, niggas don't really understand shit)
I make sure everything remains raw (Niggas don't motherfuckin' know, y'all, hahah!)
I make sure everything remains raw (Flipmode is the motherfuckin' squad, y'all, hahah!)
I make sure everything remains raw (I make sure everything remains raw, hahah)
I make sure everything remains raw (Word is bond, niggas don't know the real shit)
I make sure everything remains raw (There's only five years left!)
I make sure everything remains raw (Word is bond, niggas don't know though)

[Outro]
There's only five years left! Hahah
Remember that nigga
All you, remember that
There's only five years left! Hahaha8Embed