Bad Day/Worst Day Remix Lyrics[Hook 2x]
I can make your bad day your worst day
And I can wet you up if you thirsty
Stay trappin' on a tuesday to thursday
You should've known not to try me in the first place

[Killer Mike]
CRIP - true blue to it
BLOOD - Piru to it
Gangsta music, it's your drug, abuse it
Don't confuse it with C. Delores Tucker
FUCK her, and Bill O'Reilly
And Reverend what's-his-name, FUCK his name
Kobe the best player ever, wit' NO game
Fell for the trick of that white bitch, so lame
How lame? Lame as the new host of Soul Train
Sheeit, lame as the old host of Soul Train
I do gangsta music, FUCK Soul Train!
All blacks got is BET
Pardon me, that shit's owned by MTV
Blacks ain't got shit, it's still 1-9-6-6
Cause you can buy a car ain't shit
Jordan can't buy a team, and that nigga got six rings
Cotton picker, see what I mean?
Q-Tip's singin', Dre 3000 actin'
God-damn, niggas too good, for this rappin'
I'm just askin', what the fuck happened?
I'm just askin', nigga what the fuck happened?!
We went from "too black too strong"
To Sisqo and the God-damn "Thong Song"
We went from Farrakhan to Don Juan
Don Juan keep it pimpin man
But I'm just sayin Farrakhan got business man
Plus he speak positive on that knowledge shit
No matter how much my auntie holla
I'd NEVER give a dollar, to the good doctor - Reverend Creflo Dollar
Fuck dat! Befo' I do dat
I'd join Mason Betha's church and quit rap
I'd hang out with Murder INC. and sing 50 Cent raps
50 Cent raps; I'd rather let Eminem call me 50 niggas
Than break bread wit' a rich nigga readin scripture
By the way, if you're Aryan Nation - FUCK Hitler, FUCK Hitler!
That's to let ya know I didn't forget ya
Let me make ya bad day ya worst day
Me and Hitler got the same damn birthday
That cracker dead, that's my God-damn birthday
Go shorty, go shorty
FUCK a protest, I got a Glock 40
Unlike these bougie niggas, I ain't braggin
FUCK killin blacks, I'm down for toe taggin Grand Dragons, Grand Dragons
[Hook]

[Ice Cube]
It's fucked up out there in Louisiana
Mississippi, Alabama, peace to David Banner
Peace to Master P and my young nigga Juvie
Mr. President, nigga this ain't a movie
Get off your ass, put down your uzi
You white motherfuckers move slow as Bob Cousy
Black people dying drowning on Bourbon Street
Blow the levees let the water come murder me
Run to the Superdome, it's like a slaveship
No food, no water, can't take it
Mama didn't make it
Little sister went to the bathroom, came back stripped naked
What the fuck is going on in the Superdome?
Don't forget about the man on the super throne
Hurricanes leave the West Coast of Africa
Hit the slave land man then they cause a massacre
They can make your bad day your worst day
Feed the people dumb motherfucker they thirsty
Been up in this hellhole nigga since thursday
Never should believe these fools in the first place
They can make your bad day your worst day
Feed the people dumb motherfucker they thirsty
Been up in this hellhole nigga since thursday
Never should believe these fools in the first placeYou might also like2Embed