Meal Ticket Lyrics[Master P]
My partner gave me $50, put me in the game
I been slangin weed then I moved up to cane
Pushin them bouldas, slangin them quarters
I got em 2 for 3, god dammit, now I'm a balla!
Pushin mad weight, from state to state
Niggas ridin dirty, on my mobile phone, it's U.G.K
Pimp C said, "P, what's really goin on?"
I said what's really happenin, he said, "I gotta pocket full of stones!"
Now P be dat new kid on the block
36 O-Z's choppin up rocks in my rock spot
And label me a drug deala, just anotha hard nigga
Rest in peace to 2Pac, and the rest of ya'll thug niggas
Playaz hookin up, tryin to make bucks
Sendin work from FedEx to UPS trucks
Now P livin lavish, caviar and cabbage
Peppers and beans, and grits and cabbage
Down South hustlin, ballin, slangin
Niggas teamin up, some niggas gangbangin
Used to drink 40s, now it's Moet
Used to roll cutlass, now it's benzes and vets
?Becketts? on my fingaz, Rolex watches
Hoes on the block, bounce that azz, I mean pussy poppin
Label me an alien, just like Outkast
Cause I made my money from the ghetto and I did it fast
Cause I'm bout it, ya'll know I'm rowdy
Ask Big Mo and John Henry if ya'll doubt it
Hooked up with 8-ball and MJG
Cause we tryin to get a meal ticket from these streets

(Hook)
Tryin to get a meal ticket (8X)


[8-Ball]
8-ball and MJG, southside representin, a nigga came to mention
These hoes can't touch my pimpin
Mobbin through the swamp, P and me and G and U.G.K
?Hustlin? as a muthafucka, fuck what these hoes say!

[MJG]
Cause we each be lookin for meal tickets, witches, drivin me crazy
Lady, can I claim yo baby, honey call me the ?shady?, maybe
Construct the thinkin, we're turnin' to duckies bankin'
No laws somebody save me a slice of meat up in my grave

[8-ball]
Captain Save Em, pay em, before you get to lay em
Got a real nigga's job, so damn hard tryin to play em
Weigh em, no weigh me, cause that's what they gon pay me
Pimpin ain't their baby, just ask MJG

[MJG]
Who be I? MJG, he be me!
But if I was he, and you was I, who would you see?
Where is justice when ya hungry, or do it only
Pertainin bustas, fakes, and phonies
About that money, where my ticket?
You might also likeHook (8X)

[Pimp C]
Cocaine lady, white lady sellin good
I'm leanin' on the leather, and I'm grippin on the wood
I'm peeling on the Grant, ballin in the slant
Back, I'm Pimp C, bitch and trill niggas roll Cadillac
Bad ass bitches can't leave my dick alone
I done bought me a key and changed my name to James Jones
Pimpin ain't dead, ya heard what I said
How the fuck is pimpin dead when bitches still givin me head?
Lickin my ass and butt be the deala

[Bun B]
Suck the nut up out a ??? bucket slow down suave nigga
Now bitch I be the prince of pushin' everything up out of Port Arthur, the king of them quarters
Fuckin with nothin but queens and they daughters
Get cleansed, weeded, and watered, I flow like a Asian, Malaysian
Saudi Arabian, African I be blazin'
In the Golden Gate, swish it out, holdin weight, I hits the block, I'm
Rollin bait, Them fiends come out, they know they got to ?stole the case?
I motivate, fiends, dealas, ballas, hatas, shops and boppas
Jekll and Hyde, Bonnie and Clyde, and niggas that ride with Glocks and choppas
Where we out?

Hook and fadeEmbed