Holdin’ It Down Lyrics[Produced by Pete Rock]

[Intro: Big L & Pete Rock]
Yea yeah, Flamboyant Entertainment
Big L

[Verse 1: Big L]
Yo, y'all fellas like to stress them chicks
Impress them chicks, spend money to dress them chicks
I sex them chicks and send 'em home
Corleone is known to be stoned
When I bone, I'm rubbered up in case that shit full blown
The other night around 8 P.M
Pockets crazy slim, jumped out the grey BM
Went to the ATM, took a thou' out
Then later on, I had to wild out
In the club, knocked some coward and his pal out
Then afterwards went to the restroom, pissed Cristal out
Now I'm thinkin' which chick number I could dial out?
'Cause it's L, the Harlem pimp, baby, for real
I got more dimes than that Sprint lady, and that's ill
Playa haters be givin' me harsh looks
But I'm tryin' to sell records like Garth Brooks
So F 'em all, when it's cold I throw the skelly on
Illegal chips, keep my celly on
Mega-ice is what I'm heavy on
If it ain't Cristal, boo, I guess it's Perignon
If the na-na's too tight, I throw some jelly on
Yo, try to tax and watch the 9 mill burst
I've been off the scene over three years and cats is still thirst
To hear Big L drop an ill verse
So all you unsigned cats that wanna battle - get a deal first
I sport the bulletproof, fitted hat
That attitude - you better get rid of that
Wherever you floss is where you gon' get it at
What? I stay strapped, I go to sleep with my steel
Makin' figures while you broke cats is keepin' it real
L is rap's most livest cat, I'm gettin' stacks
While you askin' people "Do you want fries with that?"
I rob fags in the staircase, no mask, bare-faced
The one police wouldn't dare chase
Keep my gear laced
Do I walk around without papes? No way, pal
Word up - my money longer than the O.J. trial
[Chorus: Miss Jones]
Harlem World keep holdin' it downnnnn
Big L, Be The Long overdue (Big L)
Do you still got it got it? ("It's so amazin'!")
Yeah, yeah, yeah.. Harlem World keep holdin' it down, for Big L
Nigga long overdue - niggas wanna know
Do you still got it got it? ("It's so amazin'!")

[Verse 2: Stan Spit]
Stan Spit, yo, uh
Yo what the hell y'all can tell Spit? Not shit
I did a flick and bounced on L's shit
Well shit, expect me to go platinum
That's the only reason why I'm rappin'
And since L passed, niggas expect me to make it happen
With no release date, I sell in each state
I'm the type to drive to Philly, for a cheese-steak
So what I'm a Harlem king, doin' my thing
My name ring - chains and dames what the fame bring
After platinum it's the same thing
And niggas'll never learn
Til I pull the steel and make they lover burn
You don't get another turn, game's over
Here's my flamethrower
Rearrange your Rover, Harlem soldier
Wait til I get older - and we won't stop
I thought Mase told ya
Nigga Stan he do what he gotta
And these haters can't do me nada
Be in Nevada, with a lot of enchilada
You might also like[Chorus: Miss Jones]
Harlem World keep holdin' it downnnnn
Big L, Be The Long overdue (Big L)
Do you still got it got it? ("It's so amazin'!")
Yeah yeah yeah.. Harlem World keep holdin' it down, for Big L
Nigga long overdue - niggas wanna know
Do you still got it got it? ("It's so amazin'!")

[Verse 3: A.G.]
Yo, yo move the fuck back
A bring the heat, when I touch tracks
These niggas beef then wanna chill? Fuck that
These rap niggas with the mills, we deduct that
I asked all my ghetto cats, where my love at
Now where the brews, and the drugs at?
Corrupt cats kept slug hats
Asked the feds where the bugs at
Puff with the dread, 'cause I puff, black
High, til I die, and you can trust that
All I wanna know - is the club packed?
I see the haters sweatin' shorty, but I dug that
She put my nut sack back where her lungs at - little ho
And them niggas who owe, give up that
Huh, it's me and Corle', like Eddie and Nolte
Go 'head and provoke me
Heard you rap, wanna rhyme? Better be dope B
Still "Diggin", still livin', still givin'
Y'all the ill written, still fuckin' like Bill Clinton
[Chorus: Miss Jones]
Harlem World keep holdin' it downnnnn
Big L, Be The Long overdue (Big L)
Do you still got it got it? ("It's so amazin'!")
Yeah yeah yeah.. Harlem World keep holdin' it down, for Big L
Nigga long overdue - niggas wanna know
Do you still got it got it? ("It's so amazin'!")

[Outro: A.G.]
Big L5Embed