Georgia Lyrics[Intro: Jamie Foxx]
Georgia, Georgia
Georgia, Georgia

[Hook: Ludacris & Jamie Foxx]
We on the grind in (Georgia) all the time
It ain't nothin' on my mind but (Georgia) we ain't playin' with ya
We on the grind in (Georgia) all the time
It ain't nothin' on my mind but (Georgia) we ain't playin' with ya

[Verse 1: Ludacris & Jamie Foxx]
Country names, country slang, fiends at the liquor sto'
Black cruisin', craps shootin', fifty on the ten-to-four
Overcast, the forecast shows clouds from plenty dro
And we ready for war in the state of (Georgia!)
Yeah, dirty words, dirty birds, it's mean in the Dirty South
If you ever disrespect it, then we'll clean out ya dirty mouth
Bulldogs clockin', these lookout boys is hawkin'
You gotta be brave in the state of (Georgia!)
I got five Georgia homes where I rest my Georgia bones
Come anywhere on my land and I'll aim at ya Georgia dome
If you get into an altercation, just hop on ya mobile phone
And tell somebody you need help in the middle of (Georgia!)
We some ATL thrashers, scope ya punk and then smash ya
We'll come through ya hood worse than a tsunami disaster
Don't know who they gonna get or who them robbers gonna hit
That's why I keep my Georgia TEC in the state of (Georgia!)
[Hook: Smoke & Jamie Foxx]
We on the grind in (Georgia) all the time
It ain't nothin' on my mind but (Georgia) we ain't playin' with ya
We on the grind in (Georgia) all the time
It ain't nothin' on my mind but (Georgia) we ain't playin' with ya

[Verse 2: Smoke & Jamie Foxx]
I'm from the home of neckbones
Black eyed peas, turnip and collard greens
We the children of the corn, dirtier than Bob Marley's pee-pee
GA, the Peach State, where we stay
My small city's called Albany (Georgia!)
Hahaha, pecan country like catfish with grits
Candy yams and chitlins, grandma's homemade baked biscuits
The land of classical Caprices and Impalas and Super Sports
Ingredients in this peach cobbler called Georgia (Georgia! Hahaha)
I love the women out in L.A. and the shoppin' stores in New York
The beaches in M.I.A but ain't nothin' like that GA red clay
Look on ya map, we right above Florida, next to 'Bama
Under that Carolina to Tennessee, you'll see (Georgia! Hahaha)
Where Gladys Knight took the midnight train
The birthplace of Martin Luther King
Where ass so plump and hips are thick
Where 'Llac trucks sittin' on twenty-sixes
Know where you goin' or you'll be lost
Found in these plumb trees in the South
These choppers'll tomahawk your top down here in (Georgia!)
Hahaha
You might also like[Hook: Shawn Jay & Jamie Foxx]
We on the grind in (Georgia) all the time
It ain't nothin' on my mind but (Georgia) we ain't playin' with ya
We on the grind in (Georgia) all the time
It ain't nothin' on my mind but (Georgia) we ain't playin' with ya

[Verse 3: Shawn Jay & Jamie Foxx]
Now I was born in the belly on the bottom of the map
Where the wet paint drip jelly on Pirellis
And the chrome on the Chevys when I'm choppin' in the trap
Country as hell, they some warriors
Tote somethin' that spray same shape as Florida
Lookin' for me boy, you'll find me
Down in Dougherty County in a small city
Called Albany, Georgia (Georgia!)
Where they used to call us some bamas
And now they jockin the grammar
Watch your mouth 'less you out for some manner
But ya hustlers wasn't on every corner
Like the Waffle House in Atlanta
R.I.P Camoflauge out in Savannah (Georgia!)
Now you might come for vacation, leave on probation
Home of the strip club, known for the thick girls
Where the tricks put tips in the tip cup
For the thick chick in the thong with the big butt
Wanna get love? Won't be cheap, long money like Peachtree
Man, she take it off like Freaknik down here in (Georgia!)
When you see them confederate flags, you know what is
Yo' folks picked cotton here, that's why we call it the field
I got a Chevrolet on twenty-sixes
I'm from GA, GA! (Georgia!)
[Hook: Field Mob, Ludacris & Jamie Foxx]
We on the grind in (Georgia) all the time
It ain't nothin' on my mind but (Georgia) we ain't playin' with ya
We on the grind in (Georgia) all the time
It ain't nothin' on my mind but (Georgia) we ain't playin' with ya

[Outro: Jamie Foxx]
Georgia, Georgia
Georgia, Georgia
Georgia!3Embed