Na-Nana-Na Lyrics
Man, to tell you the truth, I just wanna go to the club
Yeah, me too
Know what I'm talkin' 'bout?

Ladies and gentlemen! Ladies and gentlemen
This, is truly an event
Nelly Nel, Jazze Phizzle, Jazz Phiza-fel
(Na-nana-na, nana, nana, nana) Woooo-eee!
(Na-nana-na, nana, nana, nana) Woo, woo, woo, oh boy!
(Na-nana-na, nana, nana, nana) Oh boy! Ohhh!
Hey, hey hey hey hey hey hey
Well uh-huh, well uh-huh girl I'm parked outside
And you know that it's sittin' on chrome, chrome (Uh-huh)
Hey, I'm just lookin' for a pretty young thang
That uh, I can take home (Take home)
Can we leave hurr (Yeah) can we leave hurr (Yeah)
Can we leave hurr (Yeah) can we leave hurr - shorty can we
Leave hurr (Yeah) can we leave hurr (Yeah)
Can we leave hurr (Yeah) can we leave hurr (Yeah)

I'm throwin' nuggets out the fellow I push to Carmello
Yellow on yellow flooded the band and the bezel
Hear me now! Oh, no, the U-City hero
I took the Phantom to the Opera, same van roll through the ghetto
Can we leave hurr? Shorty need to make up her mind
I seen them niggas over there, but they ain't takin' my shine
Got 7 niggas tryin' to be me, out here breakin they spine
But they got 7 different levels for they minions to mind
I want you both shorty (Oh) go get it crunk shorty (Oh)
I see your A-T-L stamp and go' head and stomp shorty (Oh)
I got that shake now, and don't be scared now
Cause we can come from the kitchen up to that bed now
Shit it ain't nuttin to a boss, I heat you like air off
It ain't nuttin, they ain't cuttin, they frontin, that's they loss
Cause the, 'Tics is good, and the van is paid off
And I done got so damn cocky I took that Band-Aid off
You might also like

Uhhhhhhhh, picture perfect, I paint a perfect picture
Third album, same focus, my intent is to get richer
I'm with my dirty Jazze Phizzle, he yieldin' that instrumental
Youse a cold-ass nigga on the track (SHO' NUFF!)
Man - I'm tired of poppin these bottles, tired of fuckin these models
I'm tired of these Menage-a nights - yeah right (PSYCH!)
I was built for it, I got hip for it
I even got a little swagger in my limp for it
I done had, sex in the city plus sex in the country
You know - sex in the zoo di-rectly behind the monkeys
Hold up! Don't get me wrong, I'm lookin' for Ms. Right
But tonight ain't the time, I'm lookin' for right now
It's two-thousand-fo', I'm in a new home
Threw out the Bentley bought a Double R for kissing does
It's like I'm rolling under permanent mistletoe
I think you been sittin' low
I got a driver dirty, he come when the whistle blow


(Na-nana-na) I'm smoother than you know
(Na-nana-na) Cadillac do's and bank rolls
(Na-nana-na) I simply go places you can't go
Ain't see me in no Linc', but you know that derrty in Brougham
I be on my (grind-na-grind-na-grind-na-grind)
With my money on my (mind-my-mind-my-mind-my-mind)
Plus I'm still in my (prime-my-prime-my-prime-my-prime)
And we be smokin that (la-lala-lala-lala)

(Na-nana-na, nana, nana, nana) - {*repeat to fade*}Embed