Gimme My Props Lyrics[Intro]

Hooooo! Ho! Ho! Ho! Ho!

[Verse 1: Kool Moe Dee]

This is of low guard[?], what you call a jack move
I'm taking your flow cards, whoever can't rap smooth
I'm calling your bluff, I've seen enough, what, what
Don't you say nothing until I'm finished, your mouth's shut
You're answering "yeah, yeah," your heart is inside there
So what's all this I hear, there's no one that I fear
I'll tell you what I'mma do, by showing you what I did
Too clever to ever lose, I'm stepping so what up kid
Who wanna play hard, he who can't go
He who shivers as I deliver the death blow
I hit him with rhythm and leave him livin' in sub bass
A musical prison that's only givin' him someplace
To exercise thought, memorize taught
Lessons his eyes caught while stepping in my sport
And rapping and clapping and finger-snapping and drop-slapping
Crashing and scratching an iron asking I'm props-snatching
[Hook]

Just give it here (give it here), but don't say nothing!
Just give it here (give it here), but don't hold back! [x4]

[Verse 2: Kool Moe Dee]

I'm taking you to the hole, I don't need a pick-and-roll
Bass in your face anyplace, shoot bulletholes full of soul
Come down like an avalanche, and you'll never have a chance
Believe me, you gotta dance, forget about backup plans
Who wanna get some? Get live, get dumb
Come get it, get with it when I hit it, then you get numb
Cause you can't get with a seasoned vet, better yet
An act of hall-of-fame rap name legend, let's
Take it to the stage, the next phase, let's trade
Lyrics like bullets and I wouldn't get grazed
The gift you shoot couldn't hit me at point-blank range
Now how could I ease the pain
I'll damage an amateur, flow on an all-pro
Wreck a vet like a rookie, now y'all know
This ain't nothing new, it's old news, nothing stops
And after bum-rushing crews, I'm bum-rushing props

[Hook]
You might also like[Verse 3: Kool Moe Dee]

This is how I change my flow
When it's time, I got a rhyme to go
A take-out order and I'll take out
Any other rapper even thinking about
"I might be," or "could be," or "maybe," or "should we"
No matter how good he may think he's a would-be
Superstar that never got a chance to go far
The buck stops here, bad move, it's ov-ar
Can't nobody kick enough relevant flavor
Braggadocious rhythm with intelligence save the
Lyrical madness for suckers who had this
Hype-talk-caused status, personified badness
That don't add to nothing but mad faces and hot air
Bring him to the front and let me see what we got here
I'll rock him like his daddy with the lyrics I drops
Rock him to his knees and make him gimme my props

[Hook]

[Bridge]

Hoooooooooooo! Ho! Ho! Ho! Ho!

[Verse 4: Kool Moe Dee]
Now name another rapper that's had a longer reign
I've been rocking the mic from Sugar Hill to Run to Kane
And any new jack, that do that, the new jack will gain
Fully prepared, fully aware of the name
K-O-O-L, M-O so well
Established and rap is the habits, the local
Wannabe upstarts, rappers trying to jumpstart
Careers but I've got years ripping up charts
Any attack you attack will be countered
Any diss that you diss, I'll dismount it
Cause I get off on a soft, ain't hardcore
Sucker who's paying no dues but he got more
Props than loot, my new group's a substitute
Back up court, backs back on the bench, recruit
No more six-man co-star title shots
The long-reigning king of the rap games taking props

[Hook]Embed